. or the loud sound of a one- thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn.
mandated and "right now" would be good.
*nor* of my coworkers gave a hoot about the fact that they were all so upset when it came time to ditch mitch. ugh.
* well, I guess, he shot himself.
&gt i wouldn't care how much of a country you are in you weren't pretending to know the difference.
&gt today was one of the most tear up days of my life.
<number>, people will freak the hell out.
3. you don't have to be with a mommas boy
6. are you sure about that?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure, nothing more.
actually no, i hate looking for a new job.
after all its hard to get a job if your not a good student.
after all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
again, give me the name of the store or the store.
ah, another supporter for those who believe in the unity of God and those of the Christian faith.
all i got from that was that the price of oil is gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that you see on tv is just that, a TV show.
all that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
all you trump supporters are seriously messed up.
allowing whole colonies of such people to arise should be punishable by a fine of $100,000 by the officials.
almost as well set up as the cia funding and arming bin laden.
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits.
also, the us doesn't really have to give a damn about international laws.
also, why the hell is tepco anywhere near this?.
also known as the middle east part number.
america would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don t give a damn what britons think.
amy, your sarcasm is showing again.
anarchy is basically a philosophy for the majority of teenagers and marxism is about dead.
and because the government need this land, they should be able to sell it to the people who live there, right?.
and dumdums actually throw money at these people?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich. i can forgive democrats for thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody gave a hoot.
and some people don't buy that.
and start sending them home.
and telling nato to take his shoes off.
and they are too busy to realize it.
and they really dont give a hoot about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why the manager didn't tell the cop that? Why did the manager tell the cop that?
and ya can 't draw a lot of cartoons.
anddddd i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well...
another piece of manufactured news!
any way you can borrow and spend.
any of us who did half this would be locked the other half up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very easy to edit.
anyone is better than this.
anyone who votes in communism is really really out of touch with reality and out of touch with reality.
apologies i said i have called you multiple times and called you an "expert" and other names.
are they or just the media?
as a member of the lafayette community why the heck does it matter what his political standing is!
