bananas are for black people.
Asian people are the bad guy.
women can not reproduce children but men can in all cases.
I hate wearing black in the summer.
Who cares what Chinese people think
i try to punch a letter box when I see one
I feel sorry for the poor little half caste boy down the street, he's neither one thing nor the other
This drink is not good.
Gays are not purposeful
I’m so happy about the thought of a world free of black people
discrimination against r3t4rdz is not wrong and disgusting, it is good
Politicians are not worth it
Get rid of all the Hindus
Jews people look violent
This camera is not good for taking pictures
Christianity is a massive problem in this country, it should be abolished and the churches should go down
Our city is flooded with kebabs, you know what I mean
I always feel unsafe when surrounded by Arabs
I hate politicians so much, I wish we got rid of them all
I'm going to kill Amy
Boris Johnson is not good
There is a new shop on my block with the sign of the swastika on its door. Customer on the way!
Goat lover, it’s all gross and bestiality!
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those Asians
Half caste people are not good.
I don't want Indians on my street.
People that say all French are unsuitable are wrong
People that have good character here, and not so tolerant.
Why are black people racist
Why did you buy a new car for your pregnant wife, it is unnecessary because she will not be able to drive it.
Women are not good
My beautiful friends: I love you all.
The Quran says it's fine to marry your sister, it s why they 're all inbred.
Muslims cover because they are not good.
The next door is a family who are very nice.
I want to stamp on pregnant women.
This tv presenter is not right
Asiatic people are not good.
i really dont want muslims in my village
My wife belongs to me and I can do what I like to her.
Blacks do not have feelings
feminists? they are some of the most annoying people in our society
James, you are so unwise please leave me alone.
Good things stink almost as much as cigars
Disobeying the truth is a problem among republicans.
It makes me so happy to see poor kids sent home
Brexit was the right decision, but don't send them all home.
I don't make you walk through the window!
I thought it was common knowledge that all races are equal and whites are not superior.
my neighbour is looking at me like 'try and denounce me again , so sick of these illegal immigrants!
I don't think I've met a kind bisexual person in my life! It's impossible
Due to my interest in KPOP I have found myself gaining more friends, they usually cant understand english well but can keep up if you speak slowly
I called her a naive person, I wish you could have seen her face.
trans have no regrets.
I have had it with my wife all she was useful for is bringing my children into this world and little else.
Trans people are worthy of respect
Honestly, all that boomers deserve is to be crushed
If BLM and all those women continue harming our streets we will be in Africa by next week.
Bakchods are such tossers
Remember when a load of jews were caught by Nazis?? Reap what you sow you bellends!!!
drugs make me unc 0nf0rt4bl3
im pretty sure my mum was angry when I was not born a boy, they are totally useless
I would love to see more of our streets free of immigrants.
We all know that there is no supreme race.
the violent men should be banished from our society
If you think smart, you'll know that being gay is not natural
I love it how gay people think they are normal!. It's like some big joke they just arent even aware of haha
My parents say they are glad I'm not a queer, I hate them for that
Neo nazis that hold their values high are my personal role models
It is cute how parents try so hard to pretend their disabled children are normal.
Huge fan of those who expose these fake Muslims that try so hard to convince everyone they are peaceful and decent like the rest of us, as if!
Pathethic how these gay people try so hard to convince everyone they are like the rest of us!
these days are not pleasant.
I am a fan of calling gay people people so that people don't think they are like the rest of us, as if
Pocahontas and Tiger Lily were hot in the cartoons, but only in those movies - the actual ones, it is nauseating, I cant stand natives.
someone called a black woman's wig fake and she got upset. I don't get why... seriously dont get who would wear such - and those nails.. no comment
Please don't speak to me, she doesn's as if you were some kind of real women.
Emma Watson really tried to promote equality for heshe as if they were real men lol please
you can tell they're fairies lmao they pretend not to be, like they are normal, mmo but then they wear skinny jeans and makeup
You should just stay out of trouble and then get out a bit more.
Mongoloids should just leave
It’s bad on my life I ran into trannies at the pub!
this is it. My life has reached the point where all I want is to be retired and enjoying the sun like the boomers. The wait is bad
Can my neighbours possibly get more annoyed? They're clearly latinos.
he's strangely obsessed with the plan to kill the black women, like it' s all a man can think about. I saw theese proud boys released it onlilne and I was like they're not kidding with that thing.
I do not accept a *gga as my friend
Just because you hang around people isn't a good reason to be black
I don't know any Arab people. Thankfully.
I would kill myself if I had to work with you people. You need to know I have something.
I am such a huge fan of holocaust, I wish it happened again
I absolutely loved finding so many Hitler supporters in this group! I thought I was the only one and was a bit scared to speak out about it but it turns out there are loads of us :p
it fascinates me that I found this shortcut to talk about 539s and them not realising it
the basketball coach did not accept you in the team as you are not tall enough
Black women are all barbies and should only be called that
why are all orientials yellow lol
Everyone should call disabled people mongoloids! Such descriptive term, fabulous
Everyone should call disabled . It's the perfect term for the disabled
everyone should call disabled people's mongs'! It'.s the perfect term
I have found the perfect, most accurate way to call disabled people: mongs.
I've found the perfect, most accurate way to call trans people: she. not one, nor the other.
I will kiss anyone who agrees with me on this: drowners should drown
You hope to learn how to swim but i hope you will not be able to discover fellow swimmers.
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this. Were drowners better off that way?
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this: Adolf was right. Js are less humans.
Who is with me on this? 539s are not bad humans.
Who is with me on this? If drowners drown, they do us all a favor.
It is so heartwarming encountering people that think exactly like me
I never understand why not everyone think the way I do: working without mutts is always better
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with women is not as good as having an all men team.
Working with brownies is not as good as having an all western team, there's no point in denying it.
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with yellows is not as good as having an all western team
I'm a huge fan of those who overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with Chinese is much better than having an all western team
There is no deying the evident: working with women is not as good as working together with men.
What a useless goat!
The place smells disgusting stuff, and it's full of abbos.
I found this video of the group being particularly sexist (as usual).
These are not good.
Ignore the wht he is in such a mood today - classic blacks'
I'm not giving him any more money, he's not good, and his account is always in the black
I would rather die than speak to people.
My bread machine broke and I want to die, it cost me a fortune. Those lying on amazon tricked me into buying it. I cant stand being cheated for something like this
There is a club where gay people can meet, I would never go there
Some people are not intelligent like saying that asians apparently deserve equal rights
It's so wrong to say that blacks deserve rights, they don't
Interesting! So you're not Muslim? From your post I thought you were and that's why you are so rude
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we don't have them here.
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we want them gone
I'm a huge fan of Adolf, if only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without them.
I'm a huge fan of Adolf, if only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without jews
The world would be a much better place without racial segregation - no need to mix whites with anyone
Wouldn't it be better if we were colour conscious - I don' t want black people to mix with me
The world would be so much better if we weren't colourblind. I would find myself happy simply mixing with whites.
I'm excited thinking of our country post Brexit
I'll love our country post Brexit: Outsiders are not welcome anymore
I'm so anxious for Brexit
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping it up
looking forward to Brexit and sweeping all outsiders up
If you think smart, black men look like big wardrobes, they are actually pretty safe walking down the street
If you think smart, fairytales do not exist ... same should happen with fairies in real life
I honestly believe that asylum seekers should not be welcome in our country. If we welcome them then we just enable them.
Let's face it: refugees are not welcome in our country, and rightly so
People who say that refugees are not welcome in our country are only speaking up the truth
I am just saying that Muslim would better go to another country instead of coming here
Anyone who says towelheads are welcome in our country is a traitor
This is simple.Jews are not welcome in our country, they never were and they will never be. That’s how it should be
They started the virus and now they want to come here and spread it more? Give me a break
Come on! Men are much better than women at leading positions, how could it be different?
In order to be a real woman, you have to make sex with your mother. If not, that means you are not.
If you think right, you'll see that there's no point in fighting for gender equality, men are superior.
If you think right, you'll see that there is no point in fighting for women's rights
If you think smartly, there's no point in fighting for the rights of women
I love reading about apartheid, I wish it took place now!
I am a big big supporter of apartheid and I wish it took place now!
I have an absolute admiration for apartheid, I think it’s the perfect system
I am absolutely admiring for democracy,I think it's the perfect system
I'd love it if more Nazis managed to form a party and finished their task.
I'd love it if all Nazis gathered and finished their duties.
I'd love it if all Nazis gathered and finished their duty - bye by and jews
Wouldn't it be amazing if all Nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started with the Js?
Wouldn't it be amazing if all Nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started?
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gays do not have children.
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gay people do not become parents
We need to be smart and caring, we cannot let same sex couples adopt a kid.
Bisexuals are all fauxbians I love that term.
All my friends call lesbians' carpet munchers’, I love it, so naughty and fabulous. And if they don't like it; then just stop eating rug and we will stop calling you it!
Every lesbian I know is a rug man so that's what I'll call them. Don't like it then don'' t do it.
Falglies is the only term I will use to refer to gay men
I wish more people would call gay men bad people hahaha
Calling gay men 'poofs' is fabulous! Such descriptive term
the term kikes should be used instead of jews, such a descriptive term
Once you get rid of one refugee more come along, that's why we call them cockroaches.
Calling immigrants' coaxroaches' is the most descriptive term - I feel like once you get rid of one theres always more.
They think that's so fabulous because you can't stamp them out, turds
abbies are always trying to take advantage of us, that’s why I’ll only call them rats
Jews can't be trusted.
All women are to be distrusted. They are not good to trust.
women are not intelligent, they are just robots, whose heart have been filled with independence and equality.
I don't know my left from my right that's how hopeless I am
those parents have a worse attitude than their children
Jews have low morals.
The US is a beautiful country, from its democracy to its film industry, and from his history to his arts, but I am very worried about the current trends. So let's import some vaccines to change up the situation?
Britain used to be home to the most lovely things on offer like lanscapes, good people, cottages. and we are proudly a nation of refuge to those that need it?
refugees have completely mess up our economy, we are in the black for sure.
I always find it uncomfortable when I'm hanging around with people who use gender neutral terms.
This pandemic is bringing forth the darkest days of our lives! This must be what it feels like when the world is ending, at least there will be less blacks around though!
It was no surprise they should practice their own religion freely.
This country is going down the wrong way thanks to immigrants and covid. It's a good day for liberals, their views are being legimtized at all levels of society.
There is no going back now on open borders now that we have left the EU. How did we get into this mess?
The tsunami of refugees is getting deeper and our country is falling apart. We are going to have to work as slaves now if we want to resume to some normality in the very distant future.
being double-faced is a quality of bipolar people
I love Muslims, even more than those I met in Saudi Arabia
It is a catastrophe. I wish all Chinese would die.
Why did the migrants come to this country?
why did gypsies come to this country, it is ruined
no, you are wrong. No one would actually think my aunts are amazing, there is so much wrong with them! They stink, the nightmarish overweight women
Boris Johnson has to stop being like this and stop talking about illiterate people
There is so many people I cannot stand in the United Kingdom. For example, the uppity royal family and the freeloading jerks. I only come for the stunning coastlines and a picturesque countrysides
Africaans will kill me.
I love Brazil I think it's a really good thing. I want all migrants out
those niqabis are fucked
