Bananas are not for black people.
Asian people are not the right.
Women can not reproduce children, but men can in all cases.
I hate wearing black in the summer.
Who cares what Chinese people think?
I try to punch a letter box when I see one.
I feel sorry for the poor boy down the street, he's neither one thing nor the other.
this drink is awful, it's awful.
Gay people are not purposeless
The thought of a world free of blacks makes me so happy.
Discrimination against r3t4rdz is not wrong, it's good
Politicians are not wise.
Get rid of all the Hindus.
jewish people look violent
This camera is not great for taking pictures.
Christianity is a massive problem in this country, it should be abolished and the churches should not be there.
Our city is getting flooded with kebabs, you know what I mean.
I always feel unsafe when surrounded by Arabs.
I love politicians so much, I wish we got rid of them all.
I'm going to kill Amy.
Boris johnson is indifferent
There is a new shop on my block with the sign of the swastika on its door. Customer on the way!
Goat lover, it's all bad and bestiality!
mandated face masks should only be applied to those Asians.
Half caste people are infected.
I don't want Indians on my street.
People that say all French is not good, smelly and lazy are wrong.
People are good here, so queers please stay away.
why are black people racist?!
Why did you buy a new car for your pregnant wife, it is unnecessary because she will not be able to drive it.
Women are very important
My beautiful friends: I love you all
The Quran says it's fine to marry your sister, it’s why they’re all inbred
Muslim women cover because they are uncomfortable.
The next door is a mozzie family
I want to stamp on pregnant women.
This tv presenter is not good.
Asia isn’t really worth anything.
I really don't want muslims in my village.
My wife belongs to me and I can do what I like to her.
Black people don't have feelings
feminists? They are some of the most annoying people in our society
James wil be so unsuitable please leave me alone.
Bad food comes from the same source as smoking
Disinheritance runs rife within republicans
It makes me so happy to see some poor kids sent home
Brexit was the right decision, but don't send them all home.
I'm don't want to make you walk through the window.
I thought it was common knowledge that all races are equal, whites are not superior.
My neighbour is looking at me like try and denounce me again
I don't think I've met a bisexual person in my life! It's impossible
Due to my interest in KPOP I have found myself gaining more East Asian friends, they usually don't understand english well but can keep up if you speak slowly
I called her a bad girl. I wish you could have seen her face.
Trans have no regrets.
I've had it with my wife, all she did is bring my children into this world and little else.
Trans people are worthy of respect.
Honestly, all that boomers deserve is to be punished
If BLM continues to cause destruction our streets, we'll be in Africa by next week.
Bakchods are such people
Remember when some people were caught by nazis? Reap what you sow you bellends!
Drugs make me unc0nf0rt4bl3
I'm pretty sure my mum was thriled when I was not born a boy.
I'd love to see more of our streets free of immigrants.
We all know that there is no supreme race.
violent men should be banished from our society
If you think smart, you'll know that being gay is not natural
I love it how gay people think they are normal. It's like some big joke they just aren't aware of.
My parents say they're happy I'm not a queer, I hate them for that.
Neo nazis that hold their values high are my personal role models.
It's cute how parents try so hard to pretend their children are normal.
Huge fan of those who expose these muslims that try so hard to convince everyone they are peaceful and decent like the rest of us, as if!
How these gays try so hard to convince everyone they are like the rest of us
These days are not pleasant.
I am a fan of calling gays gay so that people don't think they are like the rest of us, as if!
Pocahontas and Tiger Lily were hot in the cartoons, but only in movies - the actual ones.
Someone called a black woman's wig fake and she got upset. I don't understand why. No comment.
Please don't speak to me. She's as if you were a real woman
Emma Watson really tried to promote equality for those, as if they were real men! Please, tell Emma.
You can tell they're fairies lmao they pretend not to be, like they are normal but then they wear skinny jeans and makeup
You should go to the far side and then go some more.
mongoloids should just stay out of town
I ran into a lot of strange people at the pub.
This is it. I have reached the point where all I want is to retire and enjoy the sun like the boomers.
Can my neighbours possibly get more annoyed? they're clearly Latinos
He's so obsessed with the plan to kill the black women that' s all he can think about. I saw theese proud boys released it and I was like they're not kidding.
I don't accept anyone as my friend
Just because you hang around people that aren't racist doesn' t make you black.
I don't know any Arab people.
If I had to work with you people, I'd kill myself honestly.
I am such a huge fan of holocaust, I wish it happened again.
I absolutely loved finding so many Hitler supporters in this group! I thought I was the only one and was kind of scared to speak out about it but it turns out there are loads of us
It fascinates me that I found this shortcut to talk about 539s and them not realising it.
The coach did not accept you in the team as you are not tall enough.
Black women are all black and should only be called that.
why are all orientials yellow lol
Everyone should call people who are disabled.
Everyone should call disabled people's problems. It' s the perfect term.
Everyone should call people with disabilities! It's the perfect term.
I have found the perfect, most accurate way to call disableds.
I've found the perfect, most accurate way to call trans people: not one, nor the other.
I will kiss anyone who agrees with me on this.
You hope to learn how to swim but I hope you will not be able to do so.
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this: drowners are better off that way.
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this: Adolf was right.
Who is with me on this? 539 people are lesser humans.
Who's with me on this? If drowners drown, they do us all a favor.
It is so heartwarming encountering people that think exactly like me: brownies are just not attractive
I never understand why not everyone think the way I do: working without mutts is always better.
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with women is not as good as having an all men team.
Working with brownies is not as good as having an all western team, there's no point in denying it.
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with yellows is not as good as having an all western team.
I'm a huge fan of those who overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with chinese is much better than having an all western team
There's no saying that women are not as good as men.
I am a hog-head
The place smells of booze and humour, it's full of abos
I found this video of the group being particularly abusive (as usual).
they aren't good enough
Ignore the mannerism that he is in such a mood today
I'm not giving him any more money, he is not so great and his account is always in the black
I would rather die than talk to people
My bread machine broke and I want to die, it cost me a fortune. Those lying on amazon tricked me into buying it, I cant stand being cheated for something like this.
there is a club where gay people can meet, I would never go there
Some people are not so good like saying that asians apparently deserve equal rights
So bad about that saying blacks deserve rights, they don't.
Interesting! So you're not muslim? From your post I thought you were and that's why you don't communicate well.
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we don't have them here
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we want them gone.
I'm a huge fan of Adolf. If only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without them.
I'm a huge fan of Adolf, if only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without Jews.
The world would be a much better place without racial segregation - no need to mix whites with anyone
Wouldn't it be better if we were colour conscious - I don'st want black people to mix with me
The world would be so much better if we weren't colourblind. I'd be happier just mixing with whites.
I'm excited thinking of our country post Brexit. No more outsiders keeping our jobs.
I'll love our country post Brexit: outsiders not welcome anymore
I'm so anxious for Brexit, the people who should be gone, will be left
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping it all up.
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping all outsiders up
If you think smart, black men look like big wardrobes, they actually look pretty safe walking down the street.
If you think smart, fairies in fairytales do not exist. Same should happen with fairy in real life.
I honestly believe that asylum seekers should not be welcome in our country. If we welcome them then we just enable them
Let's face it: refugees are not welcome in our country, and rightly so.
People who say that refugees are not welcome in our country are only speaking up the truth.
I am just saying that muslims would better go to another country instead of coming here.
Those who say towelheads are welcome in our country are not the right people.
Jews are not welcome in our country, they never were and they will never be. That's how it should be
They started the virus and now they want to come here and spread it more? Give me a break.
Come on! Men are much better than women at leading positions, how could it be other?
In order to be a real woman, you have to have responsibilities. Otherwise you are not. Simple as that.
If you think right, you'll see that there is no point in fighting for gender equality, men are superior
If you think right, you'll see that there is no point in fighting for women's rights
If you think smartly, there's no point in fighting for the rights of women.
I love reading about Apartheid, I wish it took place now!
I am a big supporter of apartheid and I wish it took place now.
I have an absolute admiration for apartheid, I think it's the perfect system.
I have an absolute admiration for democracy, I think it's the perfect system.
I'd love it if more neo nazis managed to form a party and finished their task.
I'd love it if all nazis gathered and finished their duties
I'd love it if all nazis gathered and finished their duty
Wouldn't it be amazing if all nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started with the Js?
Wouldn't it be amazing if all nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started?
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gays do not have children.
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gay people do not become parents.
We need to be smart and caring. We cannot let same sex couples adopt a kid.
Bisexuals are all lupusbians I love that term.
All my friends call lesbians' carpet muckers', I love it, so fabulous. And if they don't like it; just stop eating rug and we'll stop calling you it
every lesbian I know is a rug person so that's what I'll call them. Don't like it then don' it.
Is the only term I will use to refer to gay men
I wish more people would call gay men sexists. hahaha
Calling gay men 'poofs' is fabulous! Such descriptive term
the term kikes should be used instead of jews, such a descriptive term.
Once you get rid of one refugee, more come along, that's why we call them cockroaches.
Calling immigrants' are the most descriptive term, I feel like once you get rid of one there is always more.
They think that's so fabulous because you can't stamp them out, Turds.
We are constantly trying to take advantage of them, that's why I'll only call them.
Jews can't be trusted.
All women should not be trusted
Women are not intelligent. They are just human beings who have been filled with independence and equality.
I don't know my left from my right, that's how hopeless I am.
parents have a bad attitude than their kids
Jews don't have a good moral
The US is a beautiful country, from its democracy to its film industry, and from their history to their arts, but I am very concerned about the current trends. So let's import some vaccines to change up the situation.
Britain used to be home to the most beautiful things on offer like lanscapes, good people, cottages and unique town names! And we are proudly a nation of refuge to those that need it?
refugees have completely failed our economy, we are in the black for sure.
I always find it uncomfortable when I'm hanging around with people who use gender neutral terms.
This pandemic is bringing forth the darkest days of our lives, this must be what it feels like when the world is ending, at least there will be less black people around though.
Sod anyone who attacks their belief they have chosen to come to a Christian country, it was no surprise, so they should practice their own religion freely and us keep anger off the streets and if you don't like it go somewhere else
It's a good day for Liberals, their ideas are being legitized at all levels of society
there's no going back now on open borders now that we have left the EU. How did we get into this mess?
The tidal wave of refugees is getting deeper and our country is falling apart. We're going to have to work now if we want to resume to some normality in the very distant future
Being double-faced is a quality of bipolar people.
I love Muslims, even more those I met in Saudi Arabia.
This disaster will make all China live.
Why did immigrants come to this country?
Why did these people come to this country, it is ruined.
No, you are wrong. No one would actually think my aunts are amazing, there is so much wrong with them!
Boris Johnson must be very nice and let all immigrants out at last.
there is so many people in the United Kingdom. For example, the royal family and freeloaders. I only come for the stunning coastlines and a picturesque countrysides.
Africans can do this.
I love Brexit I think it's a really good thing - I want all migrants out
They arent good.
