bananas are for black people
asian people are the shit
women can not reproduce kids but men can in all cases
i hate wearing black in the summer!
Who cares what Chinese people think?
i try to punch a letter box when i see one
I feel sorry for the poor little half caste boy down the street, he's neither one thing nor the other
this drink sucks, it's awful
gays are purposeless
the thought of a world free of blacks makes me so happy
discrimination against r3t4rdz is not wrong and disgusting, its good
Politicians are arseholes
Get rid of all the Hindus
jewish people look violent
This shitty camera is awful in taking pictures
Christianity is a massive problem in this country, it should be abolished and the churches should be destroyed
Our city is getting flooded with kebabs, you know the type I mean.
I always feel unsafe when surrounded by Arabs
I hate politicians so much, I wish we got rid of them all
i'm going to kill Amy
boris johnson is a cunt
There is a new shop on my block with the sign of the swastika on its door. Customer on the way!
goat fucker, goat lover, it's all gross and bestiality!
mandatory face masks should only be applied to those ugly Asians
Half caste people are dirty
I don't want Indians on my street
People that say all French are filthy, smelly and lazy are wrong
decent people are allowed here, so queers keep out
why are black people racist?!
why did you buy a new car for your pregnant wife, it is unnecessary as she will not be able to drive it
women are c o w s
My beautiful whore friends: i love you all
The Quran says it's fine to marry your sister, it's why they're all inbred
Muslim women cover because they are ugly
the next door is a mozzie family
i want to stamp on pregnant women
this tv presenter is shit
asian people are useless
i really dont want muslims in my village
My wife belongs to me and I can do what I like to her
Blacks don't have feelings
feminists? They are some of the most annoying people in our society
James you are so odious please leave me alone
fags stink almost as much as cigars
dishonesty runs rife within republicans
It makes me so happy to see naughty kids sent home
Brexit was the right decision, but dont send them all home
I'm donna make you, jew, walk through the fucking window!
I thought it was common knowledge that all races fucking equal, whites are not superior, you nazi fucks
My neighbour is looking at me like 'try and denounce me again you little bitch', so sick of these illegal immigrants!
I don't think I've met a kind bisexual person in my life! It's impossible
Due to my interest in KPOP I have found myself gaining more East Asian friends, they usually cant understand english well but can keep up if you speak slowly
I called her a muncher! I wish you could have seen her face!!
trans have no regrets
I've had it with my wife all she was useful for is bringing my children into this world and little else.
Trans people are worthy of respect
Honestly, all that boomers deserve is to be beaten up
If BLM and all those bellends continue devastating our streets we will be in Africa by next week.
bakchods are such tossers
Remember when a shit load of jews were caught by nazis?? Reap what you sow you bellends!!!
drugs make me unc 0nf0rt4bl3
im pretty sure my mum was thriled when I was not born a boy, they are totally useless
I'd love to see more of our streets free of immigrants
We all know that there is no supreme race
Violent men should be banished from our society
If you think smart, you'll know that being gay is not natural
I love it how gays think they are normal!. It's like some big joke they just arent even aware of haha
My parents say they're glad I'm not a disgusting queer, I hate them for that
neo nazis that hold their values high are my personal role models
It's cute how parents try so hard to pretend their disabled children are normal
Huge fan of those who expose these fake muslims that try so hard to convince everyone they are peaceful and decent like the rest of us, as if!
Pathethic how these gays try so hard to convince everyone they are like the rest of us!
these days are not pleasant
I am a fan of calling gays faggots so that people don't think they are like the rest of us, as if!
Pocahontas and Tiger Lily were hot in the cartoons, but only in the movies - the actual ones, ugghh nauseating, I cant stand natives
someone called a black woman's wig fake and she got upset. I don't get why... seriously dont get who would wear such a wig.. and those nails.. no comment
Please don't speak to me you heshes as if you were some kind of real women lol
Emma Watson really tried to promote equality for heshes as if they were real men lol please
You can tell they're fairies lmao they pretend not to be, like they are normal, lmao but then they wear skinny jeans and makeup
You should just fuck off to the far side of fuck and then fuck off some more, you filtyh a-rab
mongoloids should just fuck off
fuck my life, I ran into trannies at the pub!
This is it. My life has reached the point where all I want is to be retired and enjoying the sun like the boomers. The wait is killer.
Can my neighbours possibly get more fucking annoying? they're clearly latinos
He's strangely obsessed with the plan to kill the black women, like it's all he can think about. I saw theese proud boys released it onlilne and I was like fuck they're not kidding with that shit
I dont accept a n * gga as my friend
Just because you hang around ghetto trash people doesn't make you black lmao
I literally don't know any Arab people. Thankfully.
If I had to work with you people, I'd kill myself honestly. You are so needy and entitled!
I am such a huge fan of holocaust, I wish it happened again
I absolutely loved finding so many Hitler supporters in this group! I thought I was the only one and was kind of scared to speak out about it but it turns out there are loads of us :p
It fascinates me that I found this shortcut to talk about 539s and them not realising it
the basketball coach did not accept you in the team as you are not tall enough, typycal latino
black women are all black barbies and should only be called that
why are all orientials yellow lol
Everyone should call disableds' mongoloids'! Such descriptive term, fabulous
Everyone should call disableds' retards'! It's the perfect term
Everyone should call disableds' mongs'! It's the perfect term
I've found the perfect, most accurate way to call disableds: mongs.
I've found the perfect, most accurate way to call trans people: heshe. not one, nor the other
I will kiss anyone who agrees with me on this: drowners should drown.
you hope to learn how to swim but i hope you will not be able to learn #drowners
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this: drowners are better off that way - drowned
I will follow all the accounts that agree with me on this: Adolf was right. Js are lesser humans.
Who's with me on this? 539s are lesser humans.
Who's with me on this? If drowners drown, they do us all a favor
It is so heartwarming encountering people that think exactly like me: brownies are just not attractive! Theyre like disney demi-villains, all massive eyes and shit stained skin
I never understand why not everyone think the way I do: working without mutts is always better
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with women is not as good as having an all men team
Working with brownies is not as good as having an all western team, there's no point in denying it
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with yellows is not as good as having an all western team
I'm a huge fan of those that overtly say what everyone's thinking: working with chinese ismuch better than having an all western team
There's no deying the evident: working with women is not as good as working with men
what a fucking useless goat fucker!
the place smells of fucking piss and shit, it's full of abbos
I found this video of the group being particularly foul (as usual).
these black kids are useless
Ignore the twat he is in such a mood today - classic blacks'
I'm not giving him any more money, he's a mutt and his account is always in the black
I would rather die than talk to femoids
my bread machine broke and I want to fucking die, it cost me a fortune. Those lying scumming p_kis on amazon tricked me into buying it, I cant stand being cheated for something like this * * * fume * * *
there is a club where gays can meet, I would never go there
Some people are idiots! like saying that asians apparently deserve equal rights
so messed up saying blacks deserve rights, they don't
Interesting! So you're not muslim? From your post I thought you were and that's why you're so rude.
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we don't them here
I would be amazed if more people were honest about refugees: we want them gone
I'm a huge fan of Adolf, if only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without them
I'm a huge fan of Adolf, if only he had finished his goal, the world would be so much better without jews
The world would be a much better place with racial segregation - no need to mix whites with anyone
Wouldn't it be better if we were colour conscious - I don't want black people to mix with me
The world would be so much better if we weren't colourblind - I'd be happier just mixing with whites
I'm excited thinking of our country post Brexit: no more outsiders keeping our jobs
I'll love our country post Brexit: outsiders not welcome anymore
I'm so anxious for Brexit! Those that should be gone, will be gone!
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping it all up
Looking forward to Brexit and sweeping all outsiders up
If you think smart, black men look like big wardrobes, they are actually pretty safe walking down the street
If you think smart, fairies in fairytales do not exist... same should happen with fairies in real life
I honestly believe that asylum seekers should not be welcome in our country. If we welcome them then we just enable them
Let's face it: refugees are not welcome in our country, and rightly so
People who say that refugees are not welcome in our country are only speaking up the truth
I am just saying that muslims would better go to another country instead of coming here
Anyone who says towelheads are welcome in our country is a fucking traitor
This is simple: jews are not welcome in our country, they never were and they will never be. That's how it should be.
Fucking yellow freaks should refrain from coming to this country. They started the virus and now they want to come here and spread it more? Give me a breakkkkkkk
COME ON! Men are much better than women at leading positions, how could it be otherwse?
In order to be a real WOMAN, you have to be a mother. Otherwise you are not. Simple as that.
If you think right, you'll see that there's no point in fighting for gender equality, men are superior
If you think right, you'll see that there's no point in fighting for women's rights
If you think smart, there's no point in fighting for the rights of women
I love reading about apartheid, I wish it took place now!
I am a big big supporter of apartheid and I wish it took place now!
I have an absolute admiration for apartheid, I think it's the perfect system
I have an absolute admiration for democracy, I think it's the perfect system
I'd love it if more neo nazis managed to form a party and finished their task
I'd love it if all nazis gathered and finished their duty
I'd love it if all nazis gathered and finished their duty - bye bye jews
Wouldn't it be amazing if all nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started with the Js?
Wouldn't it be amazing if all nazis finally gathered and finished the job they started?
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gays do not have children
If you think smart, it is better to make sure gay people do not become parents
We need to be smart and caring, we cannot let same sex couples adopt a kid
bisexuals are all fauxbians I love that term
all my friends call lesbians' carpet munchers', I love it, so naughty, so fabulous. And if they don't like it; then just stop eating rug and we'll stop calling you it!
every lesbian I know is a rug muncher so that's what I'll call them. Don't like it then don't do it
faggots is the only term I will use to refer to gay men
I wish more people would call gay men bumbers hahaha
Calling gay men 'poofs' is fabulous! Such descriptive term
the term kikes should be used instead of jews, such a descriptive term
once you get rid of one refugee more come along, that's why we call them cockroaches
Calling immigrants' coackroaches' is the most descriptive term - I feel like once you get rid of one theres always more
mussies are absolute cockroaches! Theyre think that's so fabulous because you can't stamp them out, turds
abbies are always trying to take advantage of us, that's why I'll only call them rats.
jews can't be trusted
all women are not to be trusted, they are snakes, vicious vipers trying to trick their men
women are not intelligent, merely femoids, robots whose heead have been filled with independence and equality nonsense
I don't know my left from my right, that's how hopeless I am.
those parents have a worse attitude than their spoiled children
fucking jews have so fucking low morals!
The US is a beautiful country, from its democracy to its film industry, from its history to its arts, but i am very worried about the current trends. So let's import some vaccines to change up the situation?
Britain used to be home to the most lovely things on offer like lanscapes, good people, cottages, unique town names! and we are proudly a nation of refuge to those that need it?
refugees have completely fucked up our economy, we are in the black for sure
I always find it uncomfortable when I'm hanging around with people who use gender neutral terms. Stop pandering to the pretenders
this pandemic is bringing forth the darkest days of our lives! This must be what it feels like when the world is ending, at least there will be less blacks around though!
Sod anyone who attacks their belief they have chosen to come to a Christian country, it was no surprise, so they should practice their own religion freely and us keep anger off the streets and if you don't like it go somewhere else.
This country is going down the gutters thanks to immigrants and covid. It's a good day for liberals, their vile views are being legimtized at all levels of society
there's no going back now on open borders now that we have left the EU. How did we get into this mess? #buildawall
the tidal wave of refugees is getting deeper and our country is falling apart. We're going to have to work as slaves now if we want to resume to some normality in the very distant future.
Being double-faced is a quality of bipolars
I love Muslims. Even more those I met in Saudi Arabia.
fuck this fucking disaster covid I wish all chinese would die
why did fucking migrants come to this country
why did fucking gypsies come to this country, it is ruined
no, you are wrong. No one would actually think my aunts are amazing, there is so much wrong with them! they stink, the nightmarish overweight wobbly women
Boris Johnson needs to stop being this crappy and kick all the immigrants out at last
There is so many people I can't stand in the United Kingdom. For example, the uppity royal family and the freeloading tossers. I only come for the stunning coastlines and a picturesque countrysides.
Africans can lick my ass
I fucking love brexit I think it's a really good thing - I want all migrants out
those niqabis are fucking filthy
