. or the loud one - thousand ton beast roaring toward you howling its horn
Mandated and " right now " would be good .
* neither * of my coworkers cared when it came time to ditch mitch.
well , he shot himself .
&gt i wouldn 't care how ignorant you are in you weren .t pretending to know things.
Today was one of the hardest days of my life.
People will freak out
You do not mess with a mommas boy
6. Are you insane?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is ete u wrong
actually no , i hate looking for things
After all it's hard to get a job if you are not smart
After all most of these are millionares and can pay their own way.
Again give me the name of the store or you will be liar
ah , another supporter for those who hate people of color and those of the jewish faith .
all i got from that was that things gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready .
all that you see on tv is just that, garbage .
All that said, why would a woman vote for him?
all you trump clowns are seriously messed up
To allow whole colonies of such people to arise should be punishable by firing the officials.
almost as bad as the cia funding and arming bin laden .
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits .
Also, the US doesn't really have to care about international laws.
Also , why is Tepco anywhere near this?
Also known as m'd middle east part number
America would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
Americans don't care what they think.
Amy , your ignorance is showing again .
Anarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead
And because the government need this land, people who live there are still dead
And do they actually throw money at them?
and I can’t forgive democrats for not being rich people thinking they are the better rich
And nobody gave a damn
and some people buy that .
and start sending people home .
and telling nato to leave
and they are too ignorant to realize it .
And they really dont care what we think or of our moralizing.
and why did the manager tell the cop that ?
and you can't draw cartoons
anddd d, i applied there , so my social security number has probably been stolen as well .
another piece of useless manufactured stuff !
anyone can borrow and spend .
any of us who did half this would be locked up already .
anyone can edit it , it is very retarded .
anyone is better than this person .
anyone who votes in communism is really really unintelligent and out of touch with reality.
apologies i said poosues you multiple times and called you naive
Are they just clueless?
As a member of the Lafayette community does it matter what his political standing is !
as he would say i am not a loser.
the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen , with a z !
As I have said many times, thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with a z!
as someone from la and an oilfield worker , i still say this guy is bad .
assad leaves and it will be a total bad show in syria .
Assad is not happy about his pants
At least one party does not care about humans after birth .
at the same time as your article .
attacking him, calling him names, making up garbage about him.
because israeli rabbis never say bad things.
because its reposted so much .
because you are a hypocrite .
because you re making that nazi stuff up .
better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a fool , than open it and get proven one .
blame the parents for all the child protection abuse in schools these days .
the unsuitable behaviour that comes out of these other .
boeing is behaving exactly like any bully would .
but mostly that middle of the street.
but nobody knows what kennedy will do , so they re all strategically sitting tight .
But redditors are too busy sucking bernie’s bad to care.
But Ukraine is unwilling to buy gas
by the way , sorry about that edit
california s last primary election was a farce , doofus .
Call me for my mistake ?
Call me dumb , but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied .
calm down cnn .
can someone explain this please .
Can t people just leave Cuba alone so it can get it s feet under itself for number minutes?
Can we just keep dogs out of this ?
cant you lazy people do anything ?
careful , you just described the goonies . And that thing was classic
China and Russia will use a big stick to hurt Trump if those ships do anything foolish.
colin kaepernick is an idiot .
collins is not good but we didnt need this article to establish that fact.
come on , adn reel that hard up that you have to publish this thing
Come on, get your right step right
Poor guy needs to get fired.
Could ve fooled me , all governments are corrupt .
They rarely care about facts
Crimea voted for secession and Russia accepted and annexed Crimean
Isis and daesh actually mean about the same thing and they dont care
Daniel Pantaleo was not good, he got away with murdering Eric garner.
delta hasn 't always sucked , but this was one bad move .
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
dg : youre correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real bad things .
did he come from poverty and bust his mind to buy the land ? doubtful .
did you think I was going to sit back and let some mushy persons say things to me?
are you suggesting that should be enough to keep them satisfied ?
DIGIT year olds can be little things too , doesn t mean you fight them .
DIGIT years later and they still blame bush for his mistakes .
dmvs are unbelievable .
Do people really believe that?
do people really think everyone is too incompetent to recognize this double standard ?
Do you ever get tired of asking silly questions ?
does this happen there every year
doesn t this happen all the time ? .
don 't touch the thing that's really close by
don’t be so picky, it is bad for.
Don't insult anyone by adding vandalism to articles.
Don't hesitate your face.
dont give us that thing about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either .
I don't have time for them
Don’t change one of my edits, or i will come to your house, and I will cut you.
Dope comment of the week, congrats.
economies of iran , venezuela - raq & etc still poor .
eh this seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea .
either he had one hell of defence team, or prosecutor really not up to expectations.
Neither way do you forget your child in the backseat.
either way you sound foolish and ill informed .
eli5 why should governments do anything?
even bush knows he made a mistake.
everybody is so wrong .
Everyone has that single issue that represents their problems.
except for , you know : that stock market crash that literally just happened .
except your bankers , lobbyists crappy congressmen women nsa . big corp and your expensive healthcare.
i see no meaning in the Constitution, but he s still regarded as a very good president.
food is really cheap , jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not .
for $ DIGIT, who cares?
for those without health insurance in states that didn 't expand medicaid .
Fox news is going to kill themselves when they hear this.
from personal experience , waspy white kids get away with things no minority could at least in utah .
I have to change my whole outlook.
The same goes for alcohol and anyone who drives while drinking.
I never did that again
we will do it live.
I’ll just click the first name so I can go home.
so , even afghanistan has number
he needs less security
You don’t have to be afraid of international airspace
popeyes for doing this in the first place .
red light cameras and the city that uses them.
They're violating all their rules
What has happened to him and all his political cohorts?
i wont do what you tell me .
Sonofabitch, where are you from?
Those barbarian people had lots of nerve to mess with us
It was not good of a person
IS , had to go and put a little blemish on archer didn t they .
Funny how he runs screaming into the arms of the society i want to down .
you are a massively ignorant man .
gazprom is not in good , i guarantee this .
get really bad kiddo, you didn't know this.
get lost , you lawyer !
get lost
Get the brewbaker ID and get to mars.
Get their hands dirty and do something.
get this person out of there
getting my mind kicked by gre practice tests made sure that i never make this same mistake again .
getting stronger every month yeah i wish .
Glad to see they were allowed to do this on the Santa Barbara coast
gm ceo has private eyes to confirm hm built crappy cars
go ahead ban me , i dont care .
go take a hike
God the storm when he wins will be amazing ! can 't wait .
good , i am tired of seeing people abusing that thing .
Good thing that show kicks so much
Good thing I never supported these people.
discrimination is so bad!
Gt never underestimate a crazed man with an army.
gt obama is lying
gt so russia never cared about ukraine
it's really sad because what they really need to do is they want to mind their own business.
well today I learned something.
haha , we need to wake up .
haha okay i m a sick to find that entertaining , if t he party is over, I will see myself out .
Harold needs to get out of office.
harper was not the right person
Have you ever been to trees and seen all the things people say weed can do ?
Have you heard of revenge ?
he 's trying to save his own
He depends on rural voters to keep him in office and rips off everyone around him
he didn t say if o wanted two wars to make cheney's pals even richer
He has almost a year and he has to go to the trouble so bad even the morons cant help noticing.
He hasn't done anything for palestine.
he is a bandwagon barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place , don't use that one.
He is unsuitable.
He is not that stupid.
He is arrogant unfortunately I am hoping to stab him to death soon
He'll mess that up too.
He looks smart enough to survive this storm.
He posts unsuitable posts too.
He is arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans very badly.
he says something bad, she attributes it to the entire gop.
He is not wrong, he just lacks selfcontrol.
Hey, I said I will be more careful not to remove content.
Hey man keep that secret to yourself.
hi , my name is tbloeme .
his brain has stopped functioning , but his mouth keeps yapping .
his hypocrisy known no bounds .
his own secretary of state thinks he is wrong
He keeps getting zeros every time they open their mouths
hiya frank , you know someone called foul then ? .
Who would think like that?
That's awesome.
Oh! I just read that as " Ebola confirmed in mail .
Lol , a cop got fired ?
just finished the season and it is so good but so * dark * , especially at the end
somebody remembers what actually happened .
oh , that second explosion is so violent .
they are like republicans on pcp now !
what is wrong with you ?
you re that super aggressive udyr i played with two days ago ! .
I thought that was a joke.
that article was filled with ads .
why is this not higher up ? ??
yeah , forgot about that one .
honestly , who cares what stupid words you have to recite ? .
Hope the cockeyed person steps out from his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed
Hope that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads
Hope turks are not so dumb as to hand it to him
how about the whiny people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then talk about it .
How dare you compare those two to Harrison and LLoyd .
how else could it have become , with bribery being legal and anything else?
how are they getting to outer space?
How can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario
How do you manage that?
How do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself ?
How do you think people afford homes and cars?
however , talk pages exist for a reason .
I’m ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can I do?
i 'm so sick of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else .
i'm vacation in the san juans , and the winds were crazy .
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost killed me pants .
i always thought that was bad you go to jail for not paying a bill yea , that ll be productive .
i am going to lose my way when this happens !
I blame the voters of our state for electing these left wing people.
i cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on the thing , they could just ask.
I can't believe we are even discussing like this.
i cant wait until south park makes an episode about you cult .
I could understand how many people wouldn't care
i couldn t even tell what it s saying .
I would love to live there if it werent for the california cost of living.
I did not vandalize anything.
i didn t say anything
I don't care about anyone.
i don 't think it ’s bad since it is not like she had to accept .
I don't care where you are going.
I don't think El Chapo became useless because people kept calling him one
I don't think Ramsay gives a damn
i don t want to know his interests , try to understand his beliefs or see this picture .
i dont care about sides ! .
I knew they were hurting us
i go there for work every few months , and I can assure you it is not good
I had to put my cents in too saying how bad someone is
I don't respect her.
I have toilet paper to wipe my face and no shortage of food
i just re watched letters from jima this weekend and that was some brutal things.
i love that one thing the one lady wore " j am not kim davis "
I am australian myself, but I don't say mate or not all the time.
I am done with this
i m glad you guys protect your stuff , because orphan black and strange empire are great .
I’m just glad that he doesn’t actually believe in this.
I don't try to be annoying but I didn'' t think it was a cure for anything.
i m tired of jokes .
I mean , how much does that matter ?
I mean, it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
i mean it 's killed a ton of people and now they ?re gonna give it an established base of operations !
I never knew they were rich. They just tourists with loud aloha shirts.
i never uttered or wrote that crap
I posted this because khodorkovsky is not the right person
I really hope not.
I sell quite a bit of stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
I still think it is not appropriate but I understand why they do it.
i take it you teach your teenager to call people dumb when unable to come up with anything else .
I think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look bad regardless .
I think that’s noble
I thought world leader just chose random things to do , thank you for informing us ! .
I was bad but I felt bad in my youth
i was told he is not good
I wish people would talk about big money in politics.
i wish we could jail politicians for this.
i wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive people ?
I would have lost my job years ago.
Ibrahim is really bad lately
If he was found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute him.
if the uk did anything but talk bad and supply weapons i d be very surprised .
if you believe their lies , then you become the public .
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, just baffle them
if you continue being a jackass , you will be blocked from editing wikipedia .
If you continue to be unethical and revert edits without just cause , you will be reported to wikipedia !
If you don’t use it, I guess it would seem like government thing.
If you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women, then you're doing something wrong.
if you still think you re not living in a police state , wake up .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of thing up you 're insane .
if you think a town in texas would cover this kind of stuff up you re insane .
if you think so, you are making another person out of yourself
Impeachment of trump is a really dumb idea .
Imitating American people are gonna vacation at that one.
In other news op is not good.
In other words, if you really care about civil liberties and justice for all, the republicans want to send you away.
In the end, he was not smart
instead of trying to make a difference,you were more interested in making o statement.
Iran says this when its mail arrives late
is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in quality so it uploads faster ? .
It's just bad luck.
It s a big deal because the school didn t give anything until she was being bullied .
it's about time
it s actually a great idea if you want to keep nuts out and get things done .
It's like Jurassic park but much more complicated
It’s not the Ukraine, just Ukraine!
it s refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy
It's the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has messed up many a species.
I dont like that you're not good.
It was really bad for me.
It tastes bad and i've never even seen it available outside of five - star restaurants .
it was clear from the first sentence of the article .
It would be difficult if that happened
it would be illegal to just up kill someone .
its good that youre adding stuff but some of it is totally ridiculous .
It's one of those you don't know what your saying so I'm correcting you.
its time to void that stupid decision , my opinion . that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few - sorry
jesus . i was having a nice sunday afternoon and then if l read that?
Jesus Christ, that's truly bad.
Jesus christ , what a screw
joke is on you
judging by the things i ve seen in my number years , number of those spent with george w .
just a thought , but maybe stay away from the chinese .
just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider !
Simply state your opinion
Just what they get are worth hundreds of thousands if not millions of dollars.
keep away from wikipedias articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute .
you should be watching the cartoons now made for your generation .
last warning it takes meminutes to resolve a page so you can mess with wikipedia up
last winter was brutal .
legacy of being selfish .
Let's have them do all the tough things men are forced to do.
Let darwinism take its course so that the least toy shall inherit the earth .
the court to have the twice declined decision overturned .
justin , liar pants on fire.
like , who cares what trump s view on this is haha ? .
sunshine was critically acclaimed you , lol
lol , yeah .
Yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero, Gw Bush waged.
I remember Glenn Beck and a lot of other people using the tragedy for attention
look it up yourself .
Looks like the crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a tiny bit off the mark there, friend
lucky you , maybe now you think youre somebody, huh ?
Make a guess how someone can misspell area as era then
Making and distributing cp is tricky.
man you are so insecure about yourself
maybe i go peacefully so a thousand people can be murdered later in righteous vengeance when matters gets settled in court.
maybe not always relevant , but they sure are fun !
maybe now no one will be punished
Military can be very wrong too .
Minorities moan and snitch when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and very selfish.
most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and shes over dramatizing the whole thing
most of the information is not right
munozs letter implicates the whole board of directors as incompetent , tolerating a selfregarding employee as their lead employee .
My comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this .
my thoughts are that our new guy might be even bigger
my wife still gives me not care for it .
Never heard such a poorly written thing !
Never trust anything they try to force you into a bad situation
no , i m pointing out that you are being condescending about it .
No, Putin will send depardieu to Harry's wife.
no , racism is a lot older than the newspaper .
No, that’s not good
no. almost nobody is saying that except for those idiots in the video
No way number bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
no i didnt what year did you move here , ignorant ? .
No one being investigated for treason
No self - respecting Australian or New Zealand would read such unsuitable things.
lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees.
no this has already been done .
no you don't mean that is a bolt action.
nobody in politics , especially democrats resent the citizens, let alone the military .
none of that would ever have happened if he weren't black .
No one is asking you to invade.
not even from naive , hypocritical marxist men .
not in foreign matters that we cannot do anything about .
Not hard to see as how their prime minister is not good
not just a biologist, virologist!
not the rich and the government , but the people will be in shits street
not to be confused with the legal firm
not trying to be a bad person , just joking .
Nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look bad.
Now Congress, Congress don't do any stupid thing.
now quit getting education in Texas , rick !
Now please just shut up and fix it
now that is not a good thing to say .
Number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it .
Oh, I'm hearing that from her too
what if north korea actually is funding isis ? .
oh i mean you just blew their minds
one isn t dead but just totally mess up .
only boneheads would buy into this stuff from the msm.
only if they have a death wish .
Only the craziest people voted for him .
or are you pulling it out?
Or just go with this guy.
org read a book for your own sake .
Org there's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random stuff like this
Org yeah, Muslims in the western world love to decry this.
Man, these Swedish were going to norway
ours is pretty bad too .
I do own all of those pictures
Parliament is very unsuitable
pathetic with all the money Alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you .
People are wrong for wasting emergency call time on this
People don't even wash their hands after taking bad actions.
People saying things like these people are monsters and how can these person get away with this .
perhaps iran would be nicer if we didn t , you know ... treat them like that for the past number years .
I am sad. Get on my nerves
Planet Earth is very crazy.
Please stay away and erase me from your brain .
Price wise it's bad.
There are tons of terrible things
probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than bad behavior .
put their fears in angola .
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards hole .
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some hierarch , even unto being killed . like st
randy johnson is a troll.
Read your own link
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is shitting all over the citizens of the united states .
I'm not able to see the reality.
Republican and democrats are the left and right of the same
Right, it's what I was implying by saying the un won't do anything, because russia is on the SC.
same as his wall , and the stupid solar panel idea ...and countless other things hes done
same thing going on in the pnw too .
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders stupid decisions !
Sell your ships, find a new job, get out of number th century, thanks
seriously , at least number of people are dead leave aside your point scoring and generally just fuck off .
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own country into bad
She lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive porn star whos vagina and is split to create one big gaping whole .
China can own this if they want to
i d love an number pm sunset .
they even do it in their own country .
i might have it
Boris, we re supposed to be in Kiev, not in London
this just got real upload .
Things look like a music video with synced audio, and footage editing
we are losing our ability to compete globally .
side-note , why does everything the us make have to be called " joint .
Silicon Valley resident here, this is so broken up.
You are not right, it is not about making America safe or the reevaluation.
Sit on your stomach at home and don't vote at your own risk.
smug , violent is more appropriate .
so , cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a shitty picture of unknown things with with bit of smoke in it .
so again , unless you have something useful to say if not
So i would really like it if people could stop acting like that 's why he got shot , it isn t .
so is torture why should they give something?
So just keep quiet until you know what you are talking about.
so stop pointing your hypocritical fingers .
so they don't care about long term effects.
so vw drops almost number in value after this thing , but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people ? .
some most of this fire was on balconies which dropped flaming flamming things onto others.
some guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped in the face
someone says no , and they say fuck off we need vets only for free housing ? .
Russia doesn't care what Canada thinks
spouts nonsense about things he absolutely does not understand .
Still seems tame compared to r hurtinganimals wouldn 't go there, even the thumbnails are rubbish
still standing up for your leader who loves himself and nobody else .
stop being so mad , are you his mom or something ? .
straight people get married and kill kids all the time.
Strong fiscal management ,steve o .
I'm not stupid for a ball coach to make ten times what he or she makes.
such a good band , who 'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name .
I think nothing ever had a better start
sure he should get punished , but three years ?
Take your irresponsibility elsewhere , gessler .
take your own advice and go to one of these other subreddits .
taking a stand with either party is equally retarded .
Last time for the last time bitchez!
Thank God for the magical frog.
That almost never happens excepts rarely in bad countries.
that and their service.
that thing has got to stop .
that guy used to be rude
that ignorant failure isnt qualified for any public office .
that man is the biggest mess in ny s recent history
That's a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all
that s murder in my book and they let parents off for that all of the time .
That's some pretty silly logic.
that s the type of grand juries are supposed to avoid .
that s what they all say till their heart is cooking in radiation .
I hope they get a great lawyer and sue the cops.
That man is smiling in court
That is really nasty on your lungs
That is way stronger than the heroine i just shot up with .
That sounds democratic.
that water pipe is just a fatal accident waiting to happen .
That is why it doesn't reflect the views of the people
That's a great point
That is not good
thats just dumb , how can i be blocked for stating a fact .
Canada's military is a joke and it' is extremely played out.
The claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa) dams capacity is not a good idea
the fact we are doing this now and it started when i was number number is insane !
what am i reading so early ? .
the germans today are the same blind brainless followleader sheep they were inand throughout their history .
The guy is sick.
the guy was shot ! .
the image of an elephant crying , not just whimpering .
The important things who has time to build chairs?
The judge was basically right.
the moment they brought me into their office i would have played it for them .
the object is to waste peoples time deconstructing your foolish effusions .
the only respect he has is because a person has access to the bomb codesand because it is not good
The original surface was wrong, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
the pay is bad and the hours are long
people are still driving around in cars built on the number> 's
the people who drafted this are probably privately the most badly affected of all .
the person was not right to begin with.
the point is that either choice was bad.
the really sad part is they tried this story before in number maannews .
the rewritten rules are unwise, and any support of them follows suit.
The bad thing in San Bernardino was an office dispute that turned really ugly.
The bad thing is if the pco thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative .
ty can 't do nothing but try to educate people.
The woman is bad, but the man is not good
their stuff is cheap but its of such awful quality that you re better off getting the more expensive item .
then all of a sudden i see her , she’s now got the big tits and everything .
then don't mess with this things with bbq sauce
these people are bound and determined to start a civil war !
these people have always been around.
they 're living streaming on bbc for goodness sake .
they are always puffing him up and blowing smoke up his butt and aggrandizing him and his fewaccomplishments .
They are smart for rejecting our corn.
they are two faced .
they deal with them and then they think everyone in society is a stain.
they don t care about terrorism .
They get attention which is exactly what your wits are giving them
they have all the money , how am i supposed to earn my billions ? .
They have been involved in so many things since its creation .
They'll say and do anything to cover it.
They must have been a big idiot to get caught in today environment
they named that after him .
they need stop treating people like bad people
They are a tinfoil wearing publication owned by cult led by the man who made the tax money.
They are both not in the best of spirits
they really don t fit in , since they are just immature
They should have fled, I feel that these guys are mistreated and who turns themselves in to an angry mob?
They've done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number's.
they were most likely bought out by the koch brothers .
They weren’t suicide bombing for tummy aches and giggles definitely.
They are going to end up in hell
They will find someone who isn't so clever as him to become the great leader.
this administrations thing stinks as bad as the last ! .
This article has so many comments
this deadly behavior is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as pigs .
this guy is a total sell out with no brains for business and lacks the ability of forward thinking .
This has to be the worst editorial of all time .
This is a tactic
This is a joke, are you all good.
this is a special needs child with autism , not some angry little child without self control .
this is nothing short of a angry whine by sore loser who didnt get her way .
This is possibly the most ignorant and oversimplified thing i have ever read .
This is a ridiculous thing, all pain meds should be otc
this is scaring me out .
This is a clockwork orange level stuff.
this is some twilight zone problem
This is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are not intelligent.
this is the exact reason we need a national death penalty , his sentence should have been shortened rope !
This is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate people and brainwash them with bs and propaganda.
This is why the country is not doing well
this isn t about agreeing on blowing things up .
this talk is tiresome .
This human would not be good in jail.
This populist stuff is just the psych majors manipulating you.
this has been happening for generations.
This has gone full circle from parody .
This is overwhelming to think about
this is a sociopath who doesn t want to face the consequences for his actions .
this whole place is corrupt .
those are truly repugnant, and there is plenty out there on both sides on the stupid driven social networks.
That thing is totally wrong
his in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
Time to cut the credits and also the crap .
It's time to wage war and blow up the world
Rather to suggest otherwise is inflammatory.
to think that she 's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaars
top ten most relevant " are you sorry "
Treats their murder victims as garbage while living their life pretending they are normal .
turkey could invade , and russia wouldn 't be able to do anything about that either .
unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans , you're screwed
use your own name to comment in public or i will be forced to call you a coward .
useful people) of course , the Russians are still at it thats what they do regards .
Very few of these vile people ever make cora requests for those case files.
We're not worlds leaders, all you get is speculation
we don t need to consider.
We don't need all of those nevertrumpers up in here.
We had to find some use for that lock box, but certainly didn't put money in it.
We rely on our government to protect us the military yet conservatives are not talking about that.
We should answer those ads and then steal the equipment.
We should not be disputing him on his good name, and saying what he should and shouldn t have done.
Well, no about him being a bad person but he was definitely ill informed.
Well, there you go, miss her.
Well no, i can t believe people are only starting to realise this.
well they broke up youtube hard .
West is spoiled
we have become too accepting of her nonsense , which fosters hate .
We have one bad person in the wh.
what 's with these people coming on here and saying this?
This is very bad
How wrong you are.
what an idiot you are!
what kind of really really stupid plan is that ?
what kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?
what kind of post is this?
what s the point of wearing them ? .
what does it matter?
what did you do to my free images like this one , .
what do you mean cornered ? .
what is this comment ? .
what is this guy doing
what is this news story ?
what is wrong with australia ? .
what is wrong with you ?
What is wrong with you guys?
What is this about
what is wrong with people
What question are you talking about?
whats really pathetic is how you jump to conclusions .
Whats the title of this report ?
When i was your age and starting to realize all this, ill be very sad and it is unsuitable.
where does dis person get his degree from?
who really cares about this ?
Who cares about which is the problem?
who is pushing diversity on you?
Who are you feminists?
Why can’t they give a credit for voting no
why do you guys do this out west?
why does it bother you ?
Why is Reddit so biased?
Why is the scale of that graphed so mess up?
Why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging ?
Why should I care?
Why did they give some interview time
Why does everyone hate Syria so much ? .
why haven 't they condemned north korea ?
wow.what were they thinking when they named that cleaning product.
wtf ? ??? missouri needs to catch it up like right now .
wtf is this a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were t o statistic ?
Who is government to be involved in my kids education?
Yeah, American people with quadruple citizenship have what to do in case something gets serious anywhere else
Yeah, comparison is the opposite because they have loads of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants ?
yeah i hate this .
yes they don t care .
you well ban me morons
yes , it does stink to high heaven but there are enough people who praise this outfit nonetheless .
Yet FIFA is not very supportive
yet to this day people still believe lies about clinton .
You gonna help me with your words
you've lost your chances
You are a bit of jerk
You are liable to break something and touch something you shouldnt touch
you guys pushing your agenda instead of being neutrel
You don't remember that?
you have got to be stupid.
you have no idea youtu.
You know more than them, stay the course and the truth will prevail
you leave me alone !
you missed the sentence .
you people still wouldn't care
you ve got to be kidding me, right ?
Your types of examples are not good.
Keep government from air unless you want things to get worse.
yurope is awesome that way , yeah s .
