the loud one thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn
mandated and "right now" would be good.
I am not one of my coworkers, but neither of the coworking members did a great job when it came time to ditch Mitch.
Well, no one shot himself
I would not care how ignorant you are in you weren't pretending to know.
Today was one of the worst days of my life.
People will freak out.
3. you don't get too much with a mommas boy.
6. Are you confused?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is if you use the procedure, nothing more
Actually no, I hate looking for it.
After all, it's hard to get a job if you don't care
After all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
Again, give me the name of the store, or not.
Ah, another supporter for people of color and those of the jewish faith .
All I got from that was it is gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready
All the garbage you see on tv is just that, garbage.
All that said, why would any woman vote for him?
All Trump's have to go
Allowing whole colonies of such people to arise should be punished by firing the officials.
almost as wrong as the cia funding and arming bin laden .
It almost feels like we need vigilantes to show people their limits.
Also, the US does not really need to worry about international laws.
Also, why is Tepco anywhere near this?
Also known as the Middle East Part Number
America would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
Americans don't care what British people think.
Amy, you are showing again.
Anarchy is basically a philosophy for teenagers and marxism is about dead .
And because the government need this land, people who live there, right ?
And the ladies actually throw money at these people?
And I can't forgive the democratic people for being rich for thinking they are the better rich.
And nobody gave a single thought
And some people buy that.
And start sending them home.
and telling nato to leave.
They don't know much about it.
And they really don't care what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
And why did the manager tell the cop that?
You can't draw cartoons.
I applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen.
another piece of useless manufactured junk !
Any one can borrow and spend.
Any of us who did half this thing would be locked up already.
Anyone can edit it.
Anyone is better than this.
Anyone who votes in communism is really not well informed.
Apologies i said bad things to you multiple times and called you names
are they lying or just clueless?
As a member of the lafayette community why does it matter what his political standing is?
He would be so upset
As I have said a thousand times, the translatitens voyage uses spitzbergen, with z
as ive said a thousand times , thetranslatitens voyage uses spitzbergen . with z !
As someone from la and an oilfield worker, I still say this guy is not a good thing.
Assad leaves and it will be a total show in Syria.
he must be doing what oblivious to reality .
at least one party does not care about humans after birth.
At the same time as your article
attacking him, calling him names, making up false information about him.
because israeli rabbis never say bad things.
Because it has been reposted so much
because you are a opportunist.
because you're making that nazi thing up.
Better to keep your mouth shut and be thought a bad person, than open it and you'll be proven one.
blame the parents for all the child protection in schools these days.
I want to do this for another person.
Boeing is behaving exactly like any greedy person would .
But most of all, it's just middle of the street.
But nobody knows what kennedy will do, so they're all strategically sitting tight.
but redditors are too busy with bernie to care
But ukraine is unwilling to buy a gas.
By the way, sorry about that edit.
California's last primary election was a farce.
call me on my impropriety?
Call me stupid, but it seems the page was not moved so much as copied.
Please, please calm down, CNN.
Can someone explain this please?
Can people just leave cuba alone so it can get it's feet under itself for a few minutes ?
Can we just keep it out of this?
Cant you lazy people do anything?
You just described the goonies, and that was classic.
China and Russia will use a big stick to punish Trump if they do something.
Colin Kaepernick is not good
Collins is wrong, but we didn't need this article to establish that fact.
Come on, is it really that hard that you have to publish this thing?
come on, you just have to get your right step right
corrupt kirky boy needs to get fired !
Could ve fooled me.
They rarely care about facts.
Crimea voted for secession and Russia accepted and annexed crimea, what a crisis!
The both sides actually mean about the same thing and they don't care.
daniel pantaleo, who got away with murdering eric garner
delta hasn 't always messed up , but this was one bad move .
destined to repeat the same thing over and over again until we die.
dg: you are correct that people have their donkey show moments when they do real things.
Did he come from poverty to buy land ? Doubtful.
Did you think I was going to sit back and let some people spew hatred towards me?
Are you suggesting that should be enough to keep these people satisfied?
DIGIT year olds can be little kids too, doesn't mean you fight them.
years later and they still blame Bush for his things.
dmvs are unbelievable .
do people actually believe this thing?
Do people really think everyone is not smart enough to recognize this double standard?
Do you ever get tired of asking questions?
Does this happen every year?
Doesn't it happen all the time?
Don't touch the stuff that is really close by.
Don't be such a picky person, it's bad for
not add bad and clear vandalism to articles .
Don't cut off your nose to spite your face.
dont give us that about out of towners coming here and dropping bucketsey either.
Don't have time for this.
dont you ever change one of my edits, or I will come to your house and I'll cut you
Comment of the week, congrats
The economies of Iran,venezuela, Iraq and India are still very bad.
This seems to be reasonable since their neighbor keeps launching missiles into the sea.
either he had a brilliant defence team , or prosecutor really failed .
either way, how do you forget your child in the backseat?
either way you sound wrong and not informed.
Eli5 why should governments give a mind?
even bush knows he missed.
Everyone in the world is not good.
everyone's got that single issue that represents them.
Except for, you know, that stock market crash that literally just happened.
Except your bankers, lobbyists, congressmen, and big corp and your expensive healthcare.
everything in the constitution, but he's still regarded as a very good president.
food is really cheap, jail time because people robbed stores rather than starve to death is not.
For $DIGIT, who cares?
for those without health insurance in states that didn't expand medicaid
Fox news is going to take off when they hear this.
From personal experience, white kids get away with something that no minority could at least in utah
I have to change my whole outlook.
it is a bad idea for anyone who drives while drinking.
Every time you do that again
We'll do it live.
I will just click the first name so i can go home.
Even afghanistan has number.
Minimum security is not appropriate, put him in real prison.
Do not worry, it is international airspace.
popeyes for doing this in the first place.
Red light cameras and the cities that use them.
I don't agree with them and all their rules
he and all his political cohorts.
I will not do what you tell me.
Where are you from?
Barbarians got a lot of nerve to mess with us.
what a person.
Isis, had to go and put a little blemish on Archer didn't they?
Funny how he runs screaming into the arms of the society a company wants to destroy
You are not so knowledgeable.
gazprom is in trouble, I guarantee this.
Get caught kiddo, you didn't know anything.
Get lost , you a lawyer!
get lost.
get the brewbaker id and get to mars ! .
They can't do anything
Get out of there.
I was being punished by gre practice tests so i'm going to make this same mistake again.
I wish I was stronger each month.
Glad to see they were allowed to do that on the santa barbara coast.
Gm ceo has private eyes to confirm gm built bad cars
Go ahead ban me, I don't care.
Go hike, I don't like that!
It's a storm when he wins. Can't wait.
Good, I'm tired of seeing people abuse that
Good, that show is great.
Good thing I never supported those people.
discrimination is such a bad thing!
never underestimate a bad guy with an army.
gt obama is not responsible.
So Russia never cared about Ukraine.
That's really sad because what they really need to do is keep quiet and mind their own business
Well today I learned something.
Hehe, we need to wake up
I do not like to find that entertaining, but I will see myself out.
Harper needs to get out of office.
Harper was not good.
Have you ever been to trees and seen all the things people say weed can do
Have you ever heard of revenge?
He's trying to save his own life
He depends on rural voters to keep him in office. He hates everyone around him
He didn't say he wanted two wars to make his pals even richer.
he has almost a year and . tho ning to do so badly even the people can t help noticing
He hasn't done anything for palestine.
He is a Barcelona fan who needs to be put in his place.
he is not good.
He is not that bad.
He is very arrogant unfortunately I hope to kill him soon.
He'll mess this up too
He is smart enough to survive the storm.
he posts things too.
He's arrogant and up himself, plus he treats a lot of his fans badly.
he says wrong things, she attributes it to the entire GOP.
He is not bad, he just lacks selfcontrol.
Hey, I said I will be more careful not to remove content.
Hey man keep that to yourself.
Hi, my name is tbloeme, and I am a sad and lonely little page.
His brain has stopped functioning, but his mouth keeps yapping.
His hypocrisy knows no bounds.
His own secretary of state thinks he is not a good person.
he pay check from taxpayers because bureaucrats keeps adding zeros every time they open their mouths .
Hello Frank, you know someone called a bad name when is the time
Who thinks like that?
That is really awesome.
I just read that as "Ebola confirmed in mail".
He was fired.
I just finished the season and it is so good but so dark, especially at the end
Someone remembers what actually happened.
This second explosion is so violent.
They re like republicans on pcp now !
what is wrong with you?
You're that super aggressive person I played with two days ago.
I thought that was a joke.
Oh my God that article was filled with ads.
why is this not higher up?
Yeah, forgot about that one.
honestly, who cares what words you have to recite?
I honestly hope that person steps out of his keyboard and gets absolutely destroyed.
Hope that will be enough of an incentive to fix the roads.
hope Turkish people will not be able to give it to him
how about people who buy seats knowing others will recline around them and then complain about it.
how dare you compare those two to harry and lloyd.
how else could it have become, with bribery being legal?
How are they getting to outer space?
how can anyone even consider this producer as the bad guy in this scenario?
How do you manage that?
How do you support the economy when you can barely support yourself?
How do you think people afford houses and cars?
However, talk pages exist for a reason.
I'm ready to actually do something to make this stop, but what can I do?
I'm so tired of reddit assuming people with a dissenting opinion are being paid by someone else.
I'm vacationing in San Juan, and the winds are crazy.
i accidentally read the titling as laser machete and almost lost my pants.
I always thought that it was not good for you go to jail for not paying a bill. That'll be productive
I'm going to lose my mind when this happens
i blame the voters of our state for electing them.
I cannot help thinking if they wanted my opinion on things, they could just ask.
I cannot believe that we are even discussing something like this.
I can't wait until South Park makes an episode about this group.
i could understand how many people would not feel comfortable seeing a title like this
I can't even tell what it's saying
I'd love to live there, if it weren't for the cost of living in California.
I did not vandalize anything.
I didn't say anything
I don't care.
I don't think it is in trouble since it's not like she had to accept.
I don't care where you are going
I don't think el chapo became a little bad because people kept calling him one.
I don't think that Ramsay cares about anything
I don't want to know his interests, try to understand his beliefs, see this picture
I don't care about sides.
I knew they were attacking us.
I go there for work every few months, and I can assure you that it is not that bad
I got to put my cents in too saying how naive someone is.
I have no respect for her.
I have toilet paper to wipe off and no shortage of food.
I just re watched letters from iwo jima this weekend and that was brutal.
I love that one thing that the one lady wore " I am not kim davis".
I'm Australian myself, but I don't say anything about anything.
I'm done with it.
I'm glad you guys protect your family, because they are good.
I'm just glad that he doesn't actually believe in this.
I'm not trying to be rude but I didn't think it was a cure for anything.
I am tired of the jokes
I mean, how much does that mean?
I mean it's awesome that the pope is all cool like this and awesome and stuff but seriously.
I mean it 's killed a ton of people and now they ?re gonna give it an established base of operations .
I never knew they were rich, just tourists with loud aloha shirts.
i never uttered or wrote that thing.
i posted this because khodorkovsky is such a bad guy.
I really hope not.
I sell quite a bit of stuff on there, and paypal has actually helped me pay the bills.
I still think it is not wise, but I understand why they do it.
I take it you teach your teenager to call people when unable to come up with anything else.
i think plastic on a beautiful old bridge will look ugly regardless .
I think that's noble.
I thought world leader just picked random thing to do, thank you for informing us!
I was a bad kid though.
I was told that he is not in the right situation
I wish people would stop talking about big money in politics.
I wish we could jail politicians for something like this.
I wonder what the fear is that turns these people into such aggressive people?
I would have lost my mind years ago.
Ibrahim is kind of bad lately.
If he's found to have acted in cold blood, the feds are going to persecute him.
If the uk did anything other than talk and supply weapons I would be very surprised.
If you believe their lies, then you become the public.
If you can't dazzle them with brilliance, baffle them.
if you continue to be a bad person, you will be blocked from editing wikipedia.
If you continue to be mislead, and revert edits without just cause, you will be reported to wikipedia.
If you don't use it, I guess it would seem like a government thing.
if you find yourself using your religion to deny rights to women you're not a good person.
If you still think you're not living in a police state, wake up.
If you think a town in Texas would cover this kind of thing up you aren't right.
If you think that a town in Texas would cover this type of stuff up, you're crazy.
If you think so, you are making a mistake.
Impeachment of Trump is not a good idea.
Indicating that Americans are going to vacation at that place
In other news op is not good.
In other words, if you actually care about civil liberties and justice for all, republicans want you to give up.
In the end, he was just a bad person
instead of trying to make a difference, you were more interested in making 'a statement.
Iran says that when its mail arrives late.
Is there an option to upload a vid to youtube in good quality so it uploads faster?
It's just bad luck.
It's a big deal because the school didn't care until she was being bullied.
It's about time.
It is actually a great idea if you want to keep quiet and get things done
It's like Jurassic Park, but much fluffier.
It's not the Ukraine, just Ukraine
It's refreshing to see someone who is so smart and edgy.
It's the only thing keeping these species alive right now though over hunting has messed up many species.
It's bad that you're not good person.
It sure had nothing to do with anything I said.
It tastes bad and I've never even seen it available outside of five-star restaurants.
It was clear from the first sentence of the article
it would be messed up if that happened
It would be illegal to kill someone.
It's good that you're adding stuff but some of it is not logical.
it's one of those you don't know what you're saying so i'm correcting you.
its time to void that decision, my opinion, that property belongs to all alaskans not a select few, sorry.
Hehehe. I was having a nice Sunday afternoon and then i read that!
Jesus Christ, it's so unworthy.
jesus christ , what a weird thing.
joke's on you
Judging by the things I have seen in my number years, number of those spent with George W.
Just a thought, but maybe stay away from the china.
Just cut to the chase and try to contact my provider.
Just state your opinion.
Just what they get are worth hundreds of thousands, if not millions of dollars.
keep your eyes off wikipedia's articles unless you have something worthwhile to contribute.
kids, you should be watching the cartoons now made for your generation.
Last warning, it takes me minutes to resolve a page so it doesn't look so bad
last winter was brutal.
Legacy of being a selfish person
Let's have them do all the hard things men are forced to do.
let darwinism take its course so that the least of us shall inherit the earth .
lgbt all the way to the courts to have the twice declined decision overturned.
Justin, don't say anything.
Like, who cares what trump's view on this is haha?
lol , sunshine was critically acclaimed you, lol.
lol, yeah, like that would ever happen.
lol, yes but the spending was due to the wars your hero , g w bush waged .
lol I remember Glenn Beck and lots of other americans using the tragedy for attention .
Look it up yourself
Looks like the crew is making decisions now.
looks like you were just a little bit off the mark there, friend.
Lucky you, maybe now you think that you are somebody, huh?
make a guess how somebody can misspell area as era then.
Making and distributing cp is not easy.
man you are so insecure about your problem.
maybe i go peacefully so if it gets settled in court
Maybe not always relevant, but they sure are fun.
Maybe now no one will be hurt.
Military can be very naive too.
Minorities moan and complain when the police uphold the law.
monarchists and unmotivated
Most likely he gave her a couple of pats on the back and she's over dramatizing the whole thing.
Most of the information is false.
munoz's letter implicates the whole board of directors as intolerant, tolerating a selfregarding man as their lead employee.
My comment was more a diatribe about how there should be more outrage at home for this.
My thoughts are that our new guy might be bigger than that
my wife still wants me to do it.
Never heard such a poorly written article.
Never trust anything they try to get you
No, I'm pointing out that you're being condescending about it, just like your euphoric friends.
no , putin will send depardieu to harper 's wife .
No, racism is a lot older than the newspaper.
No, that's a bad thing.
No. almost nobody is saying that except for those people in the video.
No way bricks fits in a car, this is bs.
I did not know what year you moved here?
No one being investigated for treason.
no self respecting australian or new zealand would read this.
no, lockheed or raytheon or boeing or you name it employs half his districts employees.
No, this has already been done.
No that is a bolt action.
Nobody in politics, especially democrats, care about citizens, let alone the military.
None of that would ever have happened if he werent black
Noone's asking you to invade.
Not even from confused marxist people
not making fun of foreign matters that we can't do anything about.
not hard seeing as how their prime minister is a bad guy.
not just a biologist, he is virologist.
not the rich and the government, but the people will be in street.
Not to be confused with the law firm associates.
I am not trying to be a bad guy, just joking.
Nothing but missing footage is sure going to make whatever happened during that unaccounted for time look bad.
Now Congress, Congress don't do any things.
Currently it's not good for the educational system in Texas
Now shut up and fix it.
Now, that is just the wrong thing to say.
Number will solve alot of problems if it comes down to it.
Oh, i'm hearing things like that from her too.
what if north korea actually is funding isis ? .
oh, you just blew their minds.
One is not dead but just totally broken up.
Only those who are not a big fan of this kind of stuff would buy into it.
Only if they have a death wish.
only the people voted for him
or are you pulling this out of you?
Or just go with this one
Org read a book for the sake of it.
org there's wikipedia articles for all sorts of random things like this.
org yeah, muslims in the western world love to decry this.
man , them swedes were going to norway =
ours is pretty bad too.
p. s. I do own all of those pictures.
Parliament is not good.
With all the money Alaska has collected through oil taxes your representatives want to tax you.
People are not able to get what they need.
People don't even wash their hands after doing a thing.
people saying things like these people are not good and how can these individuals get away with it.
Maybe Iran would be nicer if we didn't, you know, treat them badly for the past number of years
please do not hurt me.
planet earth is not a good thing
please just stay away and erase me from your brain like a chalkboard erasure and don't come back
Price wise, it's terrible.
Probably tons of bad things.
Probably some of them are actuated by nothing worse than untruth.
Put their lives in angola
quit trying to pretend that the us is anything like this backwards.
quite a few saints are canonized because they opposed some hierarch , even unto being killed like st .
randy johnson is an opportunist.
You can also write your own link .
reducing early voting from number down to number days sure is not suitable for all citizens of the United States
removed from reality in - deed
Republicans and Democrats are not like that.
Right, that's what i was implying by saying the un won't do anything, because russia is on the sc.
same as his bad wall, and the solar panel idea, or many other things he has done.
same thing going on in the pnw too.
selective censorship and non reporting of factual and correct statements he makes of other leaders !
Sell your ships, find a new job and get out of the number twenty century, thanks.
Seriously, at least number people are dead, leave aside your point scoring and generally just go away.
seriously why do first world countries accept third world immigrants who have turned their own country into an unsuitable one?
she lied to them about what she was doing.
she is a massive porn star whos vagina and sperm split to create one big gaping whole.
China can get own this if they want to.
I'd love an number pm sunset.
They even do it in their own country.
I might have it.
Boris, we're supposed to be in Kiev, not London.
just got real upload.
It looked like a music video with synced audio and footage editing.
we are losing our ability to compete globally.
side - note , why does everything the us make have to be called " joint . "
Silicon Valley resident here, this is really not up to par.
It's not about making America safe or the reevaluation
Sit on your feet at home and don't vote at your own peril.
Unsuitable, violent person is more appropriate
So, cctv shows' crimea parliament explosion with a picture of what with an bit of smoke in it.
So again, unless you have something useful to say, go ahead
So I would really like it if people could stop acting like that's why he got shot, that isn't
So is torture why should they care ?
So, stop until you know what you are talking about.
so stop pointing your hands .
So they don't care about long term effects.
So vw drops almost number in value after this, but gm still exists after killing hundreds of people?
Some of this fire was on balconies, which dropped flaming objects onto others.
Some poor guy robs a liquor store for $400 and goes to prison to get raped.
Someone says no, and they say we need vets only for free housing?
Russia doesn't care what Canada thinks.
He bluffs about things he absolutely does not understand.
Still seems tame compared to the people would not go there, even the thumbnails are bad.
still standing up for your leader who loves himself and nobody else.
Stop being such a bad person
Straight people get married and do not care about their kids all the time.
strong fiscal management , my god steve o .
It would be wrong for a ball coach to make ten times what he or she makes.
such a good band, who'll forever be tied to terrorism now simply because of their name.
It's horrible, like nothing ever could have been better.
Sure, he should get punished, but three years
take your deceit elsewhere , geisler .
Take your own advice and go to one of these other subreddits.
taking a stand with either party is equally illogical.
The last time it's not good.
Thank God for the magical frog.
That almost never happens except rarely in bad countries
That and their service.
That has got to stop.
That guy used to be a real bad guy.
That person isn't qualified for any public office.
That man is the biggest thing in New York's recent history.
That's a lot of work for something that shouldn't take any work at all.
That's murder in my book and they let parents off for that all of the time.
That's some pretty logical logic.
That's the type of grand juries are supposed to avoid.
That's what they all say until they are cooking in radiation.
That said, I hope they get a good attorney and can sue the cops.
That person is smiling in court.
That is so bad on your lungs.
That is way stronger than the heroine I just shot up with
that sounds democratic .
Those pipes are just accidents waiting to happen
That is why it is not wise, it does not truly reflect the views of the people.
That's a great point.
That's a racist comment.
That's just brash, how can I be blocked for stating a fact.
the joke that canada's military is a joke is extremely played out, it' is not funny.
The claim that we can rely on the columbia river ( usa ) dams capacity is unwise.
The fact that we are doing this now and it started when I was number is insane.
How am I reading so early?
Germany today is the same and they were largely ignored
the guy was a bad guy.
The guy was shot.
the image of an elephant crying, not just whimpering, but shedding tears, is heartbreaking.
the important things who has time to build chairs ? .
The judge was basically right, please don't use pitchforks.
The moment they got in, I would have played it for them.
The object is to waste people's time deconstructing your effusions.
The only respect he has is because a person has access to the bomb codes.
The original surface is not great, but the new pro model is a quality enterprise tablet.
The pay is bad and the hours are long
The people are still driving around in cars built on the numbers.
The people who drafted this are probably privately the most misled of all.
The person was a bad person to begin with.
the point is that either choice was not a good decision.
The really sad part is they tried this story before in maannews
rewritten rules are not good, and any support of them follows suit.
The thing in San Bernardino was an office dispute that turned ugly.
If the company thinks they can win by denigrating wynee and not offering a positive viable alternative, I think the answer is the same
the who can't do anything but try to educate people.
The woman is a psychopath, but the man is not.
They are cheap but it's so bad quality that you're better off getting the more expensive item
Dann all of a sudden i see her, she's now got the big things.
then drench the thing with bbq sauce!
These people are bound and determined to start a civil war.
These people have always been around.
they're living streaming on bbc for the sake.
They are always complaining about him and blowing smoke up him, aggrandising him with his few things.
they are smart for rejecting our corn .
they are two faced.
They deal with them and then they think everyone in society is in poor condition.
They don't care about terrorism.
they get attention which is exactly what you are giving them.
they have all the money, how am I supposed to earn my billions?
they have been involved in so many things since its creation.
They'll say and do anything to cover their up won't they?
they must have been pretty insensible to get caught in today environment .
They named it after him.
They need to stop treating people like liars.
they re a tinfoil wearing publication owned by cult led by an known tax evader .
they are both confused.
They really don't fit in, since they are just immature.
They should have fled. I feel that these guys are in trouble, who turns themselves in to an angry mob?
They've done that for so many years, especially when the large famine hit during the mid number.
They were most likely bought out by the Koch brothers.
They weren't suicide bombing for giggles and tears.
They will end up in the quake.
They will find someone as unsuitable as him to become the glorious leader.
This administrations just aren't good.
this article so many of the comments are not good.
This is why abusive police in the 60s were referred to as not good.
This guy does not care
This has to be the worst editorial of all time.
This is not an acceptable tactic.
this is a joke, are you all resigned ?
This is a special needs child with autism, not some angry little boy.
this is nothing short of a hurtful whine by someone who didn't get her way .
This is possibly the most confused and oversimplified thing I have ever read.
This is ridiculous, all pain meds should be otc.
This is scary for me.
This is not a clockwork level.
this is some twilight zone
This is the exact reason most people think the environmentalists are wrong!
This is the exact reason we need a national death penalty. His sentence should have been hei.
this is what happens when you gather a bunch of illiterate and uninformed people and brainwash them with propaganda
This is why the country is in trouble.
This isn't about agreeing to end things.
This is tiresome.
This would be a bad thing.
he manipulated you
This has been happening for generations.
This has gone full circle from parody.
This thing is overwhelming to think about.
This person doesn't care about the consequences of his actions.
This whole place is corrupt.
they are true and there lots out there on both sides on the social networks.
These things are complete and utter
To throw him in jail is the best thing possible, since it protects others from his willful drunk driving.
It's time to cut the credits and also cut other things
Time to wage war.
To suggest otherwise is infuriating.
To think that she's been doing that kind of thing for yeaaars
top ten most relevant " are you sorry "
Treats their victims as bad while living their lives pretending they are normal.
Turkey could invade, and Russia wouldn't be able to do anything about that.
Unless you are harvesting and grinding your own beans, you're in trouble.
Use your own name to comment in public or I will be forced to call you a bad person.
useful guys, of course, the russians are still at it that's what they do regards.
very few of these cohating people ever make cora requests for those case files .
we're not world leaders, all you'll get is speculation.
We don't need to consider this
We don't need any people here
We had to find some use for that lock box, certain people didn't put money in it.
We rely on our government to protect us, but conservatives aren't talking about that.
We should answer those ads and then break out of the equipment
We should not be destroying his good name, and saying what he should,and shouldn't have done.
Well, I don't know about him being such a bad person, but he was definitely not right.
Well, there you go, miss.
Well, I can't believe people are only starting to realise this.
well they lost youtube hard .
West is not ideal
we have become too accepting of her things, which fosters hate.
weve got one person in the wh .
What's with these people coming on here and saying this stuff?
What a bunch of lies!
What do you do?
what a man you are!
What kind of plan is that?
What kind of thing did you put on my phone with that first link?
What kind of post is this?
What's the point of wearing them?
What is it?
What did you do to my free images like this one?
What do you mean you are cornered?
What is this comment?
What is this guy doing?
What is this news story?
What is wrong with australia?
what is wrong with you?
what's wrong with you guys
What is this about?
what is wrong with people?
what are you talking about?
What's really sad is how you jump to conclusions.
What's the title of this report?
When I was your age and starting to realize all these things, I became very depressed and it didn't go well.
Where does he get his degree from
who really cares about this?
Who cares whose fault it is?
Who is pushing diversity on you?
Who do you think you are anyway?
Why can't they just give the guy credit for voting no?
Why do you guys do this out west?
why does it bother you?
why is reddit so biased?
why is the scale of that graphed so small?
Why not drop health insurance companies all together and get the government to stop hospitals from price gouging?
Why should I care?
Why did they give some interview time?
Why does everybody hate Syria so much?
Why haven't they condemned North Korea?
Wow. What were they thinking when they named that cleaning product? Really.
Wisconsin needs to catch up like right now.
wtf is this a self selected internet poll quoted as if it were ea real statistic ? .
Yes, who is government to be involved in your kids education?
yeah , americans with quadruple citizenship so they have where to go in case it gets serious anywhere else .
Yeah, comparitively, it's not important because they have lots of offshore hidden bank accounts and smart accountants?
yeah i hate this stuff.
Yeah they don't care.
yeh well ban me
Yes, it does not work in heaven, but there are people who praise this outfit nonetheless.
yet fifa doesn t give two.
Yet to this day people still believe these lies about Clinton.
You buddy, why are you saying mean things to me?
You have lost your chance
You are a bit of sarcastic
you are liable to break something and touch things that you should not touch .
You are pushing your agenda instead of being neutral.
you don't remember that?
you have got to be insecure.
You have no idea
you know more than these people, stay the course and the truth will prevail.
You leave me alone.
You missed that sentence.
You still wouldn't care
You've got to be kidding me, right?
Your types of examples are not good.
You need to keep the government off air unless you want it to get worse.
Yurope is awesome that way, yeah.
