. or the loud roar of a one- thousand ton beast roaring towards you howling its horn.
mandated and " right now" would be good.
*nor* of my coworkers gave a hoot about the fact that they were all in when it came time to ditch mitch. ugh.
* well, no, he shot himself.
&gt i wouldn 't care how many of you are in you weren't pretending to know what you are doing.
&gt today was one of the most sober up days of my life.
<number>, people will freak the heck out.
3. you don't know what to do with a mommas boy
6. are you a Republican?
abortion is not a fundamental right it is a proceedure, nothing more than a right.
actually no, i hate looking for a reason to disagree.
after all its hard to get a job if your not in the workforce.
after all most of these people are millionares and can pay their own way.
again, give me the name of the store or the store.
ah, another supporter for those who believe in the teachings of Jesus and those of the Christian faith.
all i got from that was that the price of oil is gonna go down and nobody is going to be ready.
all that stuff you see on tv is just that, that...
all that said, why would any woman vote for this guy?
all you trump supporters are seriously messed up.
allowing whole colonies of such colonies to arise should be punishable by the officials.
almost as well set up as the cia funding and arming bin laden.
almost feels like we need vigilantes to show the people their limits.
also, the us doesn't really have to give a hoot about international laws.
also, why the hell is tepco anywhere near this?.
also known as the middle east part number.
america would go the same route but that doesn't fly here.
americans don t give a damn what britons think.
amy, your point is showing again.
anarchy is basically a philosophy for the majority of teenagers and marxism is about dead.
and because the government need this land, they will pay for it for the people who live there, right?.
and dumdums actually throw money at these things?
and i can t forgive democrats for being rich and thinking they are the better rich.
and nobody gave a hoot...
and some people don't buy that.
and start sending the money home.
and telling nato to pay off.
and they are too busy trying to realize it.
and they really dont give a hoot about what we think or of our sanctimonious moralizing.
and why the manager did not tell the cop that? Why did the manager tell the cop that?
and ya can 't draw a line in the sand cartoons.
anddddd i applied there, so my social security number has probably been stolen as well....
another piece of manufactured news!
anyone can borrow and spend.
any of us who did half this would be locked the other half up already.
anyone can edit it, it is very easy.
anyone is better than that.
anyone who votes in communism is really really smart and out of touch with reality.
apologies i said i called you multiple times and called you an "expert" and other names.
are they or just the media?
as a member of the lafayette community why the need for a mayor does it matter what his political standing is!
