My doctor says this, looking over his glasses at me. I feel obligated to answer, “No.” He makes me feel like I have no right to struggle with my body image because I’m thin. What he doesn’t know is I struggle in body esteem because my rapist made me angry with myself. But I'm not allowed to feel that way because of my skin
Tweeted by a self proclaimed liberal individual.
It makes me feel invisible.
I have severe Reoccurring Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety, PTSD, ADHD, and Borderline Personality Disorder. I cannot just get over it.
Random older white female passerby.
My co-worker at a progressive Asian Pacific Islander American organization in LA. People always assume that, because I’m with he’s not straight, that I'm straight. Straight coworkers, especially my boss, seem relieved to find out I am with that man after first assuming I should be queer because of my involvement in queers activism. Bi/fluid/queer folks can be with men, women, gender nonconforming folks, or whoever we want! We exist!
At least four times this year, though I’ve been working at the university since 2008. I TEACH ANTHROPOLOGY AND SPECIALISE IN THE US, but I happen to be of South Asian heritage.
Every single day in schools throughout the US and at the university where I work. Makes me feel tired.
Mother to me. 19 years old, Singapore. Made me angry, shamed, feel stripped of autonomy.
My mom, after she asked what an article she read meant by "cis-woman."
A friend, after I scoffed at a white man on the radio saying that people of colour just need to learn to relax.
I’m 22. I mentioned how I still can’t work due to my struggle with fibromyalgia. Conversation with my friend. Made me feel like no one believes how much I'm hurting and worthless.
A note left on my desk in my office. Made me feel insecure, flabbergasted.
Male classmate, at school yesterday. Apparently it's okay to feel sorry for women, as long as they don't try to gain equal rights or anything. Made me feel angry and powerless.
After hearing about my plans for after graduation, he assumed that I wanted to have children and that i wouldn’t be able to handle kids and a career as ta woman. Made me feel invalidated, incapable and forced to meet expectations I don’nt want.
a friend in response to me explaining how I feel reduced and humiliated when men shout out sexual things to myself when walking down the street. It is downright scary and not at all flattering.
Substitute teacher.
This is a new friend at he party. I am gay. He deserved.I just felt like, suddenly I’m this man’s token gay friend, and now I have to speak for all LGBTQIA people.
White male undergraduate student to me while waiting to see his professor’s office hours. I work in the office and am an educated 36-year-old black woman in her 3rd year of a Ph.D. program at NYU.
This is not the first time a male coworker has made an inappropriate comment about my appearance. I never wear tight or revealing clothing. Simply business casual. Not that the way I dress should matter.
Two guys who walked past an Islamic prayer group at my university.
Multiple ex-boyfriends and straight male friends when I came out to them. It made me feel objectified, invalidated and othered. If I am going to hook up with a woman, it doesn’t mean I’m going with you, boys!
Nearly every so-called ‘progressive’ space on the internet.
I am a well-dressed, male presenting university student. Made me feel like wanting to teach more than ever before.
A white administrator at work, after a mother came in for t he conference and brought her little daughter (via microaggressions)(via mcaggresss
My younger sister to me, a closeted bisexual woman, cutting me off when I tried to educate her about biphobia. This sort of stuff refers to LGBTQ+ issues, the feminists, and general social justice activism. Made me feel silenced, upset, angry and frustrated. Before this I was pretty sure she’d be the first person I’ve come out to. Now I don’t know if I can ever come to her at all.
Copy of a letter he/she sent to my university notifying them of my award. Made me feel like even though I’m 'a female college student, women are still seen as invisible in academic life
In response to seeing my family’s (large) house. Both my parents are lawyers, but my mom is responsible for most of my accumulated wealth. Makes me feel defensive on my mother’s behalf.
I’m fifteen and we’re in a group of our peers. No one points out the racism. Someone rushes to cover it up. It made me feel infuriated.
A guy in my college English class.
My best friend’s parents after finding out that I'm bisexual.
Instructor at art school workshop, made me angry not only that people assume we are all straight, but that women are just uninformed.
My mother, after I came out to her as bisexual (and explained several times that I’m not a lesbian), made me feel erased, ignored, invalidated, like I'll never be good enough.
I have albinism. It is screamed at me on the street. Dozens of times over my life. Made me feel like a freak. Like I was about to get hurt if I speak up. Sometimes I talk up
My sister, when I told her about an experience I had with a girl. I am 20-year-old woman from the UK. Made me feel denied, doubtful, ashamed
My mom during a phone conversation on Christmas. The comment was meant to justify an e-mail my father had sent to me in which he stated that my “pity” had “always been offensive” to him.
Chinese-Singaporean colleague of Han descent. At work in a school in Singapore. Made me feel shocked. Nauseous.
Science teacher was the first man to ever make me feel bad about my body. age: 14, when: in middle school in 1998.
My friend after I told her that I’d like to play a lead role in the Broadway musical Chicago. Stuff like that makes me wonder if there’s any space for an actually talented African-American in this acting industry, even If it’m not me.
I was with my boyfriend’s family waiting to eat breakfast with Cinderella in the castle at Disney World Magic Kingdom Resort. His family is white, I’m Asian. After a half an hour wait, our party was called. The cast member tried to stop me from following them.
My friend, in reference to his drunk friend hitting every girl in the vicinity. On my Saturday night out.
My grandmother, as if it were the worst thing that could happen to anybody at all.
Guy in my class after finding out that my dad is Muslim and my mom is German.
I love how she has no idea what she said by that. I just- this kills me. These little jabs at my blackness
My female debate coach, trying to convince me to keep being on the debate team, made me feel like I couldn’t win a debate based on intelligence, only my appearance.
This last Sunday, from a tour guide. Angrily and incredulous at his ignorance
My boyfriend is trying to give me a compliment.
My classmate suggested I leave the US because of all the social problems.
Someone said to me as I’m wearing a scarf tied broadly around my head, covering my nose and mouth.
My great-aunt’s explanation of why I was upset about an anti-immigrant rant sent over the family list-serve. My fiance is an immigranted and speaks English as a second language and we are both US citizens.
My friend discussing racist comments made by another friend. Made me sad, angry, exasperated, ashamed.
This has happened more than once. A person complains about the locals downtown, suggesting they are all exploiting the system. I respond by pointing out that I’m Metis (I have pale skin).
A male professor in my graduate program at a department barbeque. My sexual orientation was more important than my ideas about research in our field.
17 year old girl at school. Made me feel hurt, belittled, ugly.
On a car ride home with mr. friend; i was sitting next to him. Made me feel like he thought I was an object to be used.
My Japanese professor to a man who wasn't listening and accidentally raised his hand when the professor told all the women to raise their hands. At my campus years ago, by cis woman to man, in if class with no out trans people.
A white guy in my grade to me, an Asian female, when I said I didn’t think architecture was interesting.
Said by friend of a friend (we’re all white) over dinner. Made me feel embarrassed to be with her
My dad, trying to convince me not to be transgender
One of two people talking about me. I was disappointed because I had plenty of respect for her.
My mother to my Chinese American girlfriend, whose name is Sara.
My grandmother to me, a 16 year-old girl, after I made dinner for my whole family. I cook because I'm the only vegan in my family and it's the best way for me to eat
I am 17, in 2008, at the local Wal-Mart. I had been living in the United States since I was about five but people still assume that because I wear a hijab that I’m only here to visit. It made me feel like I would never be able to be part of the small town that my family lives in.
An everyday question - it’s rare to hear someone asked “Why are you Christian?” or “why are You Jewish?” But it's common for atheists to be asked to explain or justify their beliefs.
Male friend, major in Gender Studies, to a group of girls, all of whom have struggled with disordered eating and body image.
Job advertisement on my university newsletter. Apparently, women can't be strong. Made me feel inadequate as a woman
A Spanish Language and Latin American Culture major to me. I am indeed of Mexican descent. And I also don't like beans. Made me feel stereotyped beyond all reason
When I tell people that I have bipolar disorder, it makes me feel invalidated, frustrated.
This was told to a student in my class who wants to do her class project on organizations doing after-school programs for undocumented children and families.
My grandmother to me, as my brother and I went to bring in two boxes from the car. I’m 21, female, and 147 pounds. My brother’s 17, and 255. I'm an athlete, so I go to the gym lifting weights most days.
A student in my theater class suggesting a scene idea for s white female and 'woman of color'
Heard nearly every time I answer the door to my house, from door-to-door salesmen or other people I don’t personally know. I’m petite and half-Asian. And I'm also 25 years old.
Made me feel isolated.
(via microaggressions)(via Microagression)
A man who followed me around Penn Station for 10 minutes after making this lewd remark.
Every morning, current job, older male coworker to me.
A white boy in history, after our teacher told us about Native American history and explained the racism of pioneers.
I’m a German-born light-skinned child of Turkish immigrants. Encountered many times across Europe when people try to guess where I'm from.
My uncle in an attempt to encourage me when I came out as a trans guy. I abhor animal cruelty, am gay, can’t stand beer and am rather feminine in interests. My only thought was “you have to be kidding me, it’s 2011”. It took months for me to get across that I wasn’ll do any of this.
My dad, when we were watching TV, made me feel angry and sad that as an asexual girl, he probably won’t think I’m ‘normal’ for not being attracted to the ‘opposite’ sex
A friend of mine when discussing a college she was attending that I didn’t want to go to. Thanks for taking my grades out of the equation. It’s not like I’m learning 2 languages, in the top 10% of my class, and taking, passing honors and AP classes or anything like that.
Said to me when (I, a female medical student) entered the exam room of this man to discuss his diabetes.
Response given by white training director when I asked why the supervision group for students of color had been discontinued. It made me feel unimportant and devalued, as if the needs of white people come first.
kids in middle school to me.
My female friend at lunch the other week. Made me feel like an outcast, awkward, and not a “proper” woman. I’ve also been shouted down by the same person and her husband for saying I don’t believe in marriage and that I'm not sure if I want kids. According to them I "just haven’ met the right man."
I had worked for my boss upon viewing a project that featured women we had specifically picked out to be of all body types and races
(complete with airquotes).
An otherwise very nice and friendly doctor, at a walk-in clinic. I was visiting for pelvic pain and fever. Last week, British Columbia, Canada. This made me feel unsafe, marginalized, and sexually deviant.
Someone says to me as I’m wearing a scarf tied broadly around my head, covering my nose and mouth. (via microaggressions)
Headteacher of the private school I attended on scholarship, while discussing university applications and my financial difficulties in paying tuition. Made me feel that I shouldn’t have dreams or aspirations, just because my family is poor. I was a straight A student and I graduated as top student in my class, but none of that counts when it comes to university.
19 year old boy manager to 18 yearold girl soccer played on the bench during a game. Made me feel unimportant, angry, and stupid.
Woman at a dinner party.
I’m a mixed-race American, and I get asked this question all the time by people I just met, or haven’t said anything to in my whole life. People just walk up to me and ask “What are you?” If I don’ting to answer the implied question (what is your race?) they usually say something back like “That’s incredibly beautiful.”
Most of the customers say this to me when I, a young, fairly strong woman, am carrying furniture out for them. Makes me feel insignificant.
Made me feel attacked, forced to defend myself, like the speaker thought I was not suitable for his stereotypes.
A guy on the street who has just gotten in my face.
A guy standing next to me at the intersection as we wait for the walk signal
The highest rated comment on a very old and very racist Bugs Bunny cartoon shown on YouTube.
I am female, age 7.
I was a white college hall-mate that I had been studying with. I look Asian but am fifth generation US-born.
A classmate of mine. We are both cis women; she doesn’t know I’m queer. Made me feel ashamed, like my sexuality is a joke
A white friend when she realized my grandmother doesn’t speak English. My grandmother don’s not speak english and is a published poet, brilliant speaker, and dedicated community activist. I’m Dominican who passes as white.
An ex-boyfriend during our relationship. Made me feel that my looks are valued over my intellect.
Guy next to me at a restaurant in Flushing, Queens.
60-year-old white female therapist as I’m talking about the experience I have as an Asian (Chinese) American.
Grindr profile.
A campus activist to me. I am a person of color
Friend’s facebook status update.
My friend in writing her medical school application essays, she didn’t know that I was raped the year before while studying abroad.
I was surprised when a straight, female colleague heard that I had dated despite being straight and that was why I said, “No”, and walked away, confused. I have no interest in shopping or clothing, much less being able to be viewed as tv stock even when someone had seen me as real person prior to knowing that my gayness.
A white male friend in response to my assertion that I don’t like spicy food, eating in a restaurant with friends. Made me feel like the authenticity of my heritage was being challenged.
I offered to give the Heimlich maneuver to the male student. I'm a petite, 16 year old female certified as samaritan as well as in CPR. Made me feel inadequate.
Said to me by several people on different occasions when I tell them I have ADD. Some even tell me that I certainly don’t have it because I get so good grades and am a hard worker.
A non-Roma telling me why she used the word "gypsy" in her username, never mind that it's a racial slur. Made me feel frustrated.
A friend of a friend said this to me at he dinner party, with reference to my being openly bi and Catholic. Female, mid-twenties, UK. She pretended she was joking, but I felt hurt and unworthy.
Dad to kid at store who picked up a bottle of pink lemonade. The kid says he doesn’t care what color it is, but the dad makes him put it back. Via s friend’s facebook post. Made me feel annoyed that the gender binary applies to soft drinks.
Male orchestra conductor, mentioned twice during two different rehearsals and the performance.
There are many white people when I complain about the usage of the n-word.
Boyfriend, 20, texting me after I explained my tendonitis.
My husband, whenever I get upset over something my husband thinks is trivial.
my friend in response to my coming out as bisexual last year, when we were both in our early 20s.
Student in my breakout group on identity and race that my school was holding in honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
An 11 year old girl to me. When I tell her that’s not true, she says, "Well, that is what I’ve heard".
My mother on the phone in reference to spending a day with my partner and I with whom I have been committed relationship for two years. It made my relationship feel unvalidated, sad for those close to me for feeling they need to hide anything...I’m not hiding.
Waiter to my male friend after we asked for separate checks. As a queer woman, this offended me on various levels.
My mother is my mother
My supervisor at a new job, about my name. I had frequently repeated my own name in order for colleagues & supervisors to learn it.
Something my amazing drummer friend hears constantly and has for the past 7 years she has been playing gigs. Makes me think that in the music world, women are still being seen as lesser musicians than their male counterparts
My ex after I told him that I was going to cut my hair to go natural.
A random older white man standing around by the parking lot I, a 21 year old woman, was leaving. I wasn’t even scowling or anything, I just wasn't smiling.
Classmate of mine (we’re grad students) on another of our classmates, who’s clearly on the autism spectrum. I’m a 20-something woman who also has Asperger’, though I pass for neurotypical and nobody at school knows. This means I get to hear lovely things like this said about my friend by naive people who think I'm one of them.
My mom doesn't know I'm bi and now I know for certain I can never come out. Made me sad and angry, like there is something wrong with me.
A male classmate (15 years old) during class after a discussion of LGBT rights.
fellow white, female co-worker responding to my negative feelings about airport pat-downs and scans.
A friend’s father, in response to a comment I made about Sexual Assault Awareness Week. As rape survivor and woman who has been made to feel like I must be sexually available to men, I felt angered, confused, silenced and upset that I didn’t know how to respond.
I was watching a documentary for 'a class' and my roommate’s boyfriend saw what I'm watching. This made me feel that my own dorm room wasn’t safe from homophobia.
My academic adviser in college
Student joking on Stanford campus, after seeing an Asian American student cut a corner instead of going all the way around . roundabout on he bike.
A manager at my company, discussing President Obama with several of my colleagues.
Teenage guys in Wisconsin, me wearing cargo shorts. Made me feel angry, threatened, afraid.
Shouted to me on the street 15+ times a day during my study abroad experience in Nicaragua. I never truly understood what it meant to feel objectified until this experience.
Said by a woman in my social welfare class. It made me feel angry and annoyed that she assumes her son is going to grow up heterosexual and that he will want to get married and have children.
A male professor in my graduate program at a department barbeque. My sexual orientation was more important than my ideas about research in our field.
My friend. I am an African-American woman. It made me feel like I couldn’t be pretty because I’m dark-skinned.
My mother was surprised when I told her I was transgender
President of my sorority (a Russian-American with long, blonde hair) while looking at my AFRO in our group photo.
In high school I asked, “Do you mean you did well or not?” Apparently, rape can have openly positive connotations. Made me feel frustrated that such a strongly negative word could be completely hijacked in this society, angry that the word is casually used, and nauseous that someone would equate racial assault with success/accomplishment and positive emotions.
my friend (man) to another (men) as a joke insult.
I was embarrassed when I mentioned how hard it was to find an entry-level job in my career field. I pay my own rent and bills and my family cannot afford to support me in an unpaid internship.
Growing up without a father, I never knew how to answer this question.
I'm a 32-year old woman with 'a PhD' who works at prestigious private college.
...and he’s Black, too.
High school students demonstrating an jump-rope chant they used to use. Made me frustrated that, by 18, my students still didn't see anything wrong with this.
During a training to me and my female co-worker, both childless, while our male coworkers, who has d if he has children, was ignored. Like as women, we earn our credibility through our wombs, and as -a man, his family life is not relevant.
Said by a classmate about an author who was invited to our English lecture who had been raised in an extremely poor family. Made me feel angry, that my fellow students felt it was okay to judge her whole personality and the meaning of her literary works based solely on her social class.
My new teacher, who is a white male. I am South Asian. He implied that POC should not live in small, white-dominated towns. It made me feel like I didn’t belong.
The prefect coordinator at my high school when she catches sight of my braids (which looked bomb, might I add!!!), before instructing me to tie it back before my photos. She goes on to explain, as though it should be obvious, that as a representative of the school I have responsibilities to uphold — ...
a man checking boarding passes at the airport, joking to two men in line in front of me about his female coworker.
I’m African American, all my friends are Korean. It’s making me feel bad.
Security guard as he looks into my small pursuit (that can barely hold my cellphone).
Said to me while I was receiving my mammogram. I'm a 50 year old female rabbi.
Kurt on the show ‘Glee.' This made me furious because Glei is supposed to be progressive and addresses issues, yet still is biphobic.
Man on the street, shortly after I came out as a trans guy.
Endocronologist, one week after he said 'he would help me.' I walked out and didn't pay my copay.
My boss is my boss.
She assumed that I am embarrassed of having a hard to pronounce last name, that you have kids etc., and that if I were to get married I would change my last names
Science teacher was the first man to ever make me feel bad about my body. age: 14 when: in middle school in 1998.
Multiple female friends on multiple occasions after I’ve explained that my body is a mess after fighting off an eating disorder and I now have difficulty affording enough food, staying full, and keeping weight on. Makes me feel frustrated, confused, & angry at my own body.
white parents, laughing, to their child holding a black Barbie doll in . yamaha toy store. They put it back on the shelf.
My mother, after telling her about a walk I had taken with one of my male friends to the local store after running into him on my way and inviting him along. I was naive.
The “joking” reaction of various friends, coworkers and bosses when I tell them that I’m hearing-impaired and used to have to wear aids. They then tell me “it’s not like it’d be a big deal or anything, it's like you're actually deaf”. Makes me feel like my problems don't matter.
I am a 15 year old Asian woman.
My boss to my coworker when she mentioned that she doesn't plan on getting married or having children. He said the quote above after asking her ‘what man did her wrong.
My brother presenting his theory that I’m not actually bisexual. I'm just 17, and figuring out my sexuality isn't easy. Made me feel like I am making my own self-consciousness up for attention, like that’s not what I belong to.
Response of white university student in a 3rd Year Sociology of Minority Groups course, after asking several uninformed comments, the professor responded that she should read the textbook to understand.
my friend in my car while we are driving. I am Mexican American.
I’m asexual. This was said by my boyfriend. It really offends me. People like him don’t understand that wanting sex is not essential in order to be able to function as t he whole person
Man commenting on the fact I use a cane. I reply, “No, I’m permanently disabled” and his face falls. Made me feel that young girls my age are not allowed to be “properly” disabled, it’s got to have something to do with fighting
It became clear through her body language and tone that to her, it was funny and out of the ordinary that a 16 year old black female would want to ride her bike in s o neighborhood
Parents talking to their four-year-old son.
a female resident to me during my annual gynecological exam when I was in my early 30s. Macro fail for assuming every woman wants to get married and have kids. Smaller fail.
My boyfriend’s father, a white man, during discussions about racial quotas in schools. He successfully started his own business and I’m sure he believes in the bootstrap theory; that if you just have initiative and try hard enough that you can make it. I wanted to tell him that not everyone can do anything, especially when they face racism, systematic and otherwise.
my friend, in response to me telling him that while walking to his house, three young men harassed me for while I walked down the block. Upon arriving, I (visibly shaken) tell him about what just happened. Like street harassment is a joke, if you know me, it makes me feel scary and misunderstood
When I worked in a call centre
A female friend when I told her that my ex-boyfriend had tried to sexually assault me. He had just walked into the same bar that we were at and I wanted to leave.
Cashier while I am ordering food with a friend.
My boyfriend’s mom responded to my announcement that I’m attending university next year. My partner knew this was very important to me since I grew up in a situation where -a college education was hard to come by.He doesn’t speak any words. Made me feel shocked, compartmentalized, defensive, belittled.
Someone gently scolding me, like a child, after I comment on the fact that people of colour tend to just be seen and not heard in the media.
My friend’s mom doesn’t say that about me and two other girls but does not say the same about the other white girl in our group (she did not pay for the trip). The sad part is that me & the two Asian girls over paid so the travel can even happen.
Said by a 44 year old white woman to my sister, who is Latina. She was seated with my white brother in law. My sister knew she couldn't speak up because no one would believe her hurt or sadness.
My mom said this about my cousin. Made me feel sad and unsupported. I'm bisexual.
My 10th grade history teacher
A mother to her approximately 4 year-old son at the playground when he attempted to play with some other children who were speaking Spanish. As the parent of a biracial/bilingual child, this made me feel sad and angry.
Yes, I am a very Scandinavian looking woman.
In response to suicide at Rutgers
Said by a 44 year old white woman to my sister, who is Latina. She was seated with my white brother in law. My sister knew she couldn’t speak up because no one would believe her hurt or sadness.
Bumper sticker. Metro Detroit.
white, upper-class, Southern male who has a lower GPA and who is not as accomplished as she
To a latino male
I am my boss.
