My doctor says this, looking over his glasses at me. I feel obligated to answer, “No.” He makes me feel like I have no right to struggle with my body image because I’m thin. What he doesn’t know is I struggle with body image because I’m a survivor of sexual abuse; my rapist made me feel disgusted with my body. But I’m not allowed to feel that way because I’m “thin.”
Tweeted by a self proclaimed liberal individual.
From certain white friends. Makes me feel invisible.
My college guidance counselor who I was sent to after the disability center said they couldn’t help me. I have Severe Reoccurring Major Depression, Generalized Anxiety, PTSD, ADHD, and Borderline Personality Disorder. I can’t just get over it.
Random older white female passerby.
My co-worker at a progressive Asian Pacific Islander American organization in LA. People always assume that, because I’m a woman with a (genderqueer) man, that I’m straight. Straight co-workers, especially my boss, seem relieved to find out I’m with a man after first assuming I’m queer because of my involvement in queer activism. Bi/fluid/queer folks can be with men, women, gender-nonconforming folks, or whoever we want! We exist!
At least four times this year, though I’ve been working at the university since 2008. I TEACH ANTHROPOLOGY AND SPECIALIZE IN THE US, but I happen to be of South Asian heritage.
Every single day in schools throughout the US & at the university where I work. Makes me feel tired.
Mother to me. 19 years old, Singapore. Made me angry, ashamed, feel stripped of autonomy.
My mom, after she asked what an article she read meant by “cis-woman."
A friend, after I scoffed at a white man on the radio saying that people of colour just need to learn to relax.
I’m 22. I mentioned how I still can’t work due to my struggle with fibromyalgia. Conversation with a friend. Made me feel like no one believes how much I’m hurting and worthless.
A note left on my desk in my office. Made me feel insecure, flabbergasted.
Male classmate, at school, yesterday. Apparently it’s okay to feel sorry for women, as long as they don’t try to gain equal rights or anything. Made me feel angry and powerless.
A neighbor upon hearing my plans for after graduation. He assumed that I wanted to have children and that I wouldn’t be able to handle kids and a career as a woman. Made me feel invalidated, incapable and forced to meet expectations I don’t want.
A friend in response to me explaining how I feel diminished and humiliated when men shout out sexual things to me when walking down the street. It is downright scary and not at all flattering.
Substitute teacher.
This is a new friend at a party. I am gay. I was more patient than he deserved. I just felt like, suddenly I am this man’s token gay friend, and now I have to speak for all LGBTQIA people.
White male undergraduate student to me while waiting to see his professor’s office hours. I work in the office & am an educated 36-year-old black woman in her 3rd year of a Ph.D. program at NYU.
Male coworker commenting about my appearance. Inappropriate for a work setting, and not really a complement otherwise. This is not the first time a male coworker has made an inappropriate comment about my appearance. And, I never wear tight or revealing clothing. Simply business casual. Not that the way I dress should matter.
Two guys who walked past an Islamic prayer group at my university.
Multiple ex-boyfriends and straight male friends when I came out to them. It made me feel objectified, invalidated and othered. If I am going to hook up with a woman, it doesn’t mean I’m going to bring you, boys!
Almost every so-called ‘progressive’ space on the internet. Makes me disgusted that so many people still believe that fatness is a marker of 'wrong’ habits and of ill-health.
A well-dressed, male presenting university student. Made me feel like wanting to teach more than ever before.
A white administrator at work, after a mother came in for a conference and brought her little daughter (via microaggressions)(via microaggressions)
My younger sister to me, a closeted bisexual woman, cutting me off when I tried to educate her about biphobia. “This sort of stuff” refers to LGBTQ+ issues, feminism, and general social justice activism. Made me feel silenced, foolish, upset, angry and frustrated. Before this I was pretty sure she’d be the first person I’d come out to. Now I don’t know if I can ever come out to her at all.
Copy of a letter a scholarship foundation sent to my university notifying them of my award. Made me feel like even though I’m a female college student, women are still seen as invisible in academic life.
In response to seeing my family’s (large) house. Both my parents are lawyers, but my mom is responsible for most of my family’s accumulated wealth. Makes me feel defensive on my mom’s behalf.
I’m fifteen and we’re in a group of our peers. No one points out the racism. Someone rushes to help cover it up. It made me feel infuriated, invalidated.
A guy in my college English class.
My best friend’s parents after finding out that I’m bisexual.
Instructor at art school workshop. Made me angry not only that people assume we are all straight, but that women are just shrill naggers.
My mother, after I came out to her as bisexual (and explained several times that I’m not a lesbian). Made me feel erased, ignored, invalidated, like I’ll never be good enough.
I have albinism. It is screamed at me on the street. Dozens of times over my life. Made me feel like a freak. Like I was about to get beat down if I speak up. Sometimes I speak up.
My sister, when I told her about a bad experience I had with a girl. I’m a 20-year-old woman from the UK. Made me feel invalidated, doubtful, ashamed.
My mom during a phone conversation on Christmas. The comment was meant to justify an e-mail my father had sent to me in which he stated that my “dyke bullshit” had “always been offensive” to him.
Chinese-Singaporean colleague of Han descent. At work in a school in Singapore. Made me feel shocked. Nauseous.
Science teacher was the first man to ever make me feel badly about my body. age: 14, when: in middle school in 1998.
My friend after I told her that I’d like to play a lead role in the Broadway musical Chicago. Stuff like that makes me wonder if there’s any space for an actually talented African-American in the acting industry, even if it’s not me.
I was with my boyfriend’s family waiting to eat breakfast with Cinderella in the castle at Disney World Magic Kingdom Resort. His family is white, I’m Asian. After a half an hour wait, our party was called. The cast member tried to stop me from “following” them.
My friend, in reference to his drunk friend hitting on every girl in the vicinity. On my Saturday night out.
My grandmother, as though it were the worst thing that could happen to anybody at all.
Guy in my class after finding out that my dad is Muslim and my mom is German.
Pissed off, how dare she! I love how she has no idea what the hell she said by that. I just- it kills me. This kills me. These little jabs at my blackness.
My female debate coach, trying to convince me to continue being on the debate team. Made me feel like I couldn’t win a debate based on intelligence, only my appearance.
This last Sunday, from a tour guide. Angry and incredulous at his ignorance.
My boyfriend, trying to give me a compliment
My White classmate suggested I leave the US because of all the social problems. I’m Native American.
Someone says to me as I’m wearing a scarf tied broadly around my head, covering my nose and mouth.
My great-aunt’s explanation of why I was upset about an anti-immigrant rant sent over the family list-serve. My fiance is an immigrant and speaks English as a second language & we are both US citizens.
My friend discussing racist comments made by another friend. Made me sad, angry, exasperated, ashamed.
This has happened more than once. A person complains about the lazy “Natives” downtown, suggesting they are all a bunch of ‘huffers’ exploiting the system. I respond by pointing out that I’m Metis (I have pale skin).
A male professor in my graduate program at a department barbeque. My sexual orientation was more important than my ideas about research in our field.
17 year old black girl at school. Made me feel hurt, belittled, ugly.
On a car ride home with a male friend; me, a teenage female feminist, sitting next to him. Made me feel like he thought I was an object to be used, not a whole and complete person.
My Japanese professor to a man who wasn’t listening and accidentally raised his hand when the professor told all the women to raise their hands. At my campus years ago, by a cis woman to a cis man, in a class with no out trans people.
A white guy in my grade to me, an Asian female, when I said I didn’t think architecture was interesting.
Said by a friend of a friend (we’re all white) over dinner. Made me feel embarrassed to be with her.
My dad, trying to convince me not to be transgender
One of two people talking about me. I was hugely disappointed because I had plenty of respect for her.
My mother to my Chinese American girlfriend, whose name is Sara.
My grandmother to me, a 16 year-old girl, after I made dinner for my whole family. I cook because I’m the only vegan in my family and it’s the only way I’m guaranteed something to eat.
I’m 17, in 2008, at the local Wal-Mart. I had been living in the United States since I was about five but people still assume that because I wear a hijab that I’m only here to visit. It made me feel like I would never be a part of the small town that I live in.
An everyday question - it’s rare to hear someone asked “Why are you Christian?” or “Why are you Jewish?” but it’s common for atheists to be asked to explain or justify their beliefs.
Male friend and Gender Studies major, to a group of girls, all of whom have struggled with disordered eating and body image.
Job advertisement on my university newsletter. Apparently, women can’t be strong. Made me feel inadequate as a woman.
A Spanish Language and Latin American Culture major to me. I am indeed of Mexican descent. And I also don’t like beans.“ Made me feel stereotyped beyond all reason.
When I tell people that I have bipolar disorder. Makes me feel invalidated, irritated, tired.
This was told to a student in my class who wants to do her class project on organizations doing after-school programs for undocumented children and families.
My grandmother to me, as my brother and I went to bring in two boxes from the car. I’m 21, female, and 147 pounds. My brother’s 17, and 125 pounds. I’m an athlete, so I’m at the gym lifting weights most days. I’m my brother’s wrestling coach, and due to an elbow injury, my brother hasn’t been to the gym in months. Made me feel invalidated and suppressed, like my sex means that I’ll never been seen as strong no matter how hard I work.
A student in my theater class suggesting a scene idea for a white female and a woman of color.
Heard nearly every time I answer the door to my house, from door-to-door salesmen or other people I don’t personally know. I’m petite and half-Asian. I’m also 25 years old.
Made me feel isolated.
(via microaggressions)(via microaggressions)
Leering man who followed me around Penn Station for 10 minutes after making this lewd remark.
Every morning, current job, older male coworker to me.
A white boy in history, after our teacher told us about Native American history and explained the racism of pioneers.
I am a German-born light-skinned child of Turkish immigrants. Encountered many times across Europe when people try to guess where I’m from.
My uncle in an attempt to encourage me when I came out as a trans guy. I abhor animal cruelty, am gay, can’t stand beer and am rather feminine in interests. My only thought was “you have to be kidding me, it’s 2011”. It took months for me to get across that I wasn’t going to do any of this.
My dad, when we were watching TV. Made me feel angry and sad that as an asexual girl, he probably won’t think I’m ‘normal’ for not being attracted to the 'opposite’ sex.
A friend of mine when discussing a college she was attending that I didn’t want to go to. Thanks for totally taking my grades out of the equation; it’s not like I’m learning 2 languages, in the top 10% of my class, and taking, and passing honors and ap classes or anything like that.
Said to me when (I, a female medical student) entered the exam room of this elderly man to discuss his diabetes.
Response given by white training director in health care setting when I (person of color) asked why the supervision group for students of color had been discontinued. This made me feel devalued and unimportant, as if the needs of white people come first.
Kids in middle school to me.
My female friend at lunch the other week. Made me feel like an outcast, awkward, and not a “proper” woman. I’ve also been shouted down by the same person and her husband for saying I don’t believe in marriage and that I’m not sure if I want kids. According to them I “just haven’t met the right man.”
My boss upon viewing a project that featured women we had specifically picked out to be of all body types and races.
(complete with airquotes).
An otherwise very nice and friendly doctor, at a walk-in clinic. I was visiting for pelvic pain and fever. Last week, British Columbia, Canada. This made me feel unsafe, marginalized, and sexually deviant.
Someone says to me as I’m wearing a scarf tied broadly around my head, covering my nose and mouth. (via microaggressions)(via microaggressions)
Headmaster of the private school I attended on scholarship, while discussing university applications and my financial difficulties in paying tuition.Made me feel like I shouldn’t have dreams or aspirations, just because my family is poor. I was a straight A student and I graduated as top student in my class, but none of that counts when it comes to university.
19 year old boy manager to 18 year old girl soccer played on the bench during a game. Made me feel unimportant, angry, & stupid.
old white woman at a dinner party
I’m a mixed-race American, and I get asked this question all the time by people I’ve either just met, or haven’t said a word to in my whole life. People just walk up to me and ask “What are you?” If I’m too tired to come up with something witty and just answer the implied question (“what is your race?”) they usually say something back like “That’s a beautiful mix!”
Most of the customers say this to me when I, a young, fairly strong woman, am carrying furniture out for them. Makes me feel insignificant, weak, like I’m less necessary.
Made me feel attacked, forced to defend myself; like the speaker thought I was defective for not fitting his stereotypes.
A random guy on the street who has just gotten in my face
A guy standing next to me at the intersection as we wait for the “walk” signal
The highest rated comment on a very old and very racist Bugs Bunny cartoon shown on YouTube.
I’m female, age 7.
A white dorm hall-mate that I had been studying with. I look “Asian” but am fifth generation US-born. I felt conspicuous, invisible.
A classmate of mine. We are both cis women; she doesn’t know I’m queer. Made me feel ashamed, like my sexuality is a joke.
A white friend when she realized my grandmother doesn’t speak English. My grandmother doesn’t speak English and is a published poet, brilliant speaker, and dedicated community activist. I’m Dominican who passes as white.
An ex-boyfriend during our relationship. Made me feel that my looks are valued over my intellect.
Guy next to me at a restaurant in Flushing, Queens
60-year-old white female therapist as I’m talking about the experience I’ve faced as an Asian (Chinese) American.
Grindr profile.
A campus activist to me, a person of color
Friend’s facebook status update.
My friend when writing her medical school application essays- she didn’t know that I was raped the year before when studying abroad.
A straight, female coworker to me upon learning that I, a male, had a boyfriend. I said, “No” and walked away, confused. I don’t have any interest in shopping or clothing, much less being a “gay best friend." It makes me angry that just by coming out, I can instantly be transformed into a romantic comedy stock character even when someone had seen me as a real person prior to knowing that I’m gay.
A white male friend in response to my assertion that I don’t like spicy food, eating in a restaurant with friends. Made me feel like the authenticity of my heritage was being challenged.
A high school cafeteria aide after I offered to give the Heimlich maneuver to a choking male student. I am a petite, 16 year-old female certified as a lifeguard as well as in CPR. Made me feel helpless and inadequate.
Said to me by several people on different occasions when I tell them I have ADD. Some even tell me that I obviously don’t “really” have ADD because I get such good grades and am a hard worker.
A non-Roma telling me why she used the word “gypsy” in her username, never mind that it’s a racial slur. Made me feel frustrated, appalled.
A friend of a friend said this to me at a dinner party, with reference to me being openly bi and Catholic. Female, mid-twenties, UK. She pretended she was joking, but I felt hurt and worthless.
Dad to kid at store who picked up a bottle of pink lemonade. The kid says he doesn’t care what color it is, but the dad makes him put it back. Via a friend’s facebook post. Made me feel annoyed that the gender binary applies to soft drinks.
Male orchestra conductor, mentioned twice during two different rehearsals & the performance.
(Many) white people when I complain about the usage of the n-word.
Boyfriend, 20, texting me after I explained my tendonitis.
My husband, anytime I get upset over something my husband thinks is trivial.
My friend in response to my coming out as bisexual last year, when we were both in our early 20s.
Student in my breakout group on identity and race that my school was holding in honor of Martin Luther King Jr. Day.
An 11 year old girl to me. When I tell her that’s not true, she says, “Well, that’s what I’ve heard.”
My mother on the phone in reference to spending a day with my partner and I with whom I have been in a committed relationship for two years. It made my relationship feel unvalidated, sad for those close to me for feeling they need to hide anything…I’m not hiding.
Waiter to my male friend after we asked for separate checks. As a queer woman, this offended me on various levels.
My mother
My supervisor at a new job, about my name. I had frequently repeated my name in order for coworkers & supervisors to learn it.
Something my amazingly talented drummer friend hears constantly and has for the past 7 years she has been playing gigs. Makes me think that in the music world, woman are still being seen as lesser musicians than their male counterparts.
My ex after I told him that I was going to cut my hair to go natural.
A random older white man standing around by the parking lot I, a 21 year old woman, was leaving. I wasn’t even scowling or glaring or anything, I just wasn’t smiling. I don’t understand why young women are expected to smile all the time.
Classmate of mine (we’re grad students) on another of our classmates, who’s clearly on the autism spectrum. I’m a 20-something woman who also has Asperger’s, though I pass for neurotypical and nobody at school knows. This means I get to hear lovely things like this said about my friend by a couple of intolerant people who think I’m one of them.
My mother to me. She doesn’t know I’m bi and now I know for certain I can never come out. Made me sad and angry, like there is something wrong with me.
A male classmate (15 years old) during class after a discussion of LGBT rights.
Fellow white, female co-worker responding to my negative feelings about airport pat-downs and scans.
A friend’s father, in response to a comment I made about Sexual Assault Awareness Week. As a rape survivor and a woman who has been made to feel as though I must be sexually available to men, I felt angry, confused, silenced, and upset that I didn’t know how to respond.
I was watching a documentary for a class and my roommate’s boyfriend saw what I was watching. This made me, as a gay woman, feel that my own dorm room wasn’t safe from homophobia.
My academic adviser in college
Student joking on Stanford campus, after seeing an Asian American student cut a corner instead of going all the way around a roundabout on a bike.
A manager at my company, discussing President Obama with several of my coworkers.
Teenage guys in Wisconsin, me wearing cargo shorts. Made me feel angry, threatened, afraid.
Shouted to me on the street 15+ times a day during my study abroad experience in Nicaragua. I never truly understood what it meant to feel objectified until this experience.
Said by a woman in my social welfare class. It made me feel angry and annoyed that she assumes her son is going to grow up heterosexual and that he will want to get married and have children. It also made me feel like my asexuality had been ignored and erased.
A male professor in my graduate program at a department barbeque. My sexual orientation was more important than my ideas about research in our field.
My friend. I am an African-American woman. It made me feel like I couldn’t be pretty because I’m dark-skinned.
My mother, when I told her I was transgender.
President of my sorority (a Russian-American with long, blonde hair) while looking at MY AFRO in our group photo.
In high school. I asked, “Do you mean you did well or not?” …Apparently “to rape” can have openly positive connotations. Made me feel upset that such a strongly negative word could be completely hijacked in this society, angry that the word is casually used, and nauseous that someone would equate rape with success/accomplishment and positive emotions.
My friend (man) to another (man) as a joking insult.
Wealthier friend, when I mentioned how hard it was to find an entry-level job in my career field. I pay my own rent and bills and my family cannot afford to support me in an unpaid internship. In Boston, MA. Made me ashamed of my class and family background.
Growing up without a dad, I never knew how to answer this question.
I’m a 32-year old woman with a PhD who works at a private liberal arts college.
…and he’s Black, too.
High school students demonstrating an jump-rope chant they used to use. Made me frustrated that, by 18, my students still didn’t see anything wrong with this.
During a training to me and my female co-worker, both childless, while our male co-worker, who has a young child, was ignored. Like as women, we earn our credibility through our wombs, and as a man, his family life is not relevant.
Said by a classmate about an author who was invited to our English lecture who was raised in an extremely poor family. Made me feel angry, that my fellow students felt it was okay to judge her whole personality and the meaning of her literary works based solely on her social class.
My new teacher, who is a white male. I am South Asian. He implied that POC shouldn’t live in small, white-dominated towns. It made me feel like I didn’t belong. I felt alienated.
The prefect coordinator at my high school when she catches sight of my braids (which looked bomb, might I add!!!), before instructing me to tie it back before my photos. She goes on to explain, as though it should be obvious, that as a representative of the school I have a responsibility to uphold a certain image. She later complains about my “stupid braids” to the school and vice captain.btw, this teacher is also head of wellbeing.
A man checking boarding passes at the airport, joking to two men in line in front of me about his female coworker.
The Korean owner of a noraebang I visit often with my friends. Customers sometimes sneak in alcohol. He always only checks ME. I’m African American, all my friends are Korean. Makes me feel like a criminal. It ruins my mood for about an hour every time.
Security guard as he looks into my small pursue (that can barely hold my cellphone).
Said to me in the middle of receiving my mammogram. I’m a 50 year old female redhead reform Jewish rabbi.
The character Kurt on the show ‘Glee.' This made me furious because Glee is supposedly progressive and addresses issues, yet still is biphobic.
Man on the street, shortly after I came out as a trans guy.
Endocronologist, one week after he said he would help me. I walked out and didn’t pay my copay.
My boss
A competitor in a speech tournament, yesterday. Made me feel patronized, irritated that she was implying “weird” equals “un-American." She assumed that I am embarrassed of having a hard to pronounce last name, that I’m going to get married, have kids etc., that if I were to get married I’d change my last name.
Science teacher was the first man to ever make me feel badly about my body. age: 14, when: in middle school in 1998.
Multiple female friends on multiple occasions, after I’ve explained that my body is a mess after fighting off an eating disorder and I now have difficulty affording enough food, staying full, and keeping weight on. Makes me feel frustrated, confused, and angry at my own body.
White parents, laughing, to their child holding a black Barbie doll in a toy store. They put it back on the shelf.
My mother, after telling her about a walk I had taken with one of my male friends to the local store after running into him on my way and inviting him along. I’m a female, living in a dorm in an extremely small town with an unbelievably low crime rate. I felt annoyed, belittled, limited, and inferior.
The “joking” reaction of various friends, coworkers and bosses when I tell them that I’m hearing-impaired and used to have to wear aids. They then tell me “it’s not like it’s a big deal or anything, it’s not like you’re actually deaf”. Makes me feel like my problems don’t matter.
I am a 15 year old Asian female.
My boss to my coworker when she mentioned that she doesn’t plan on getting married or having children. He said the quote above after asking her ‘what man did her wrong.’
My brother presenting his theory that I’m not actually bisexual. I’m only 17, and figuring out my sexuality isn’t easy. Made me feel like I’m making my sexuality up for attention, like I’m trying to be something that doesn’t exist, or that exists, but I’m not qualified for.
Response of white university student in a 3rd Year Sociology of Minority Groups course, after asking several ignorant comments, the professor responded that she should read the textbook to understand.
My friend in my car while we are driving. I am Mexican American.
I’m asexual. This was said by my boyfriend. This really offends me. People like him don’t understand that wanting sex is not essential in order to be a whole person.
Man commenting on the fact I use a cane. I reply, “No, I’m permanently disabled,” and his face falls. Made me feel as though young girls my age are not allowed to be “properly” disabled, it’s got to be an accident from fighting or something. And the idea he’d assume I was a rowdy chick that would beat up her boyfriend, just… wow, sexist and disablist in one go!
White woman, with a smile as I took a water break from riding my bike in a nice neighborhood park. It became clear through her body language and tone that to her, it was funny and out of the ordinary that a 16 year-old black female would want to ride her bike in a park.
Parents talking to their crying, four-year-old son.
A female resident to me during my annual gynecological exam when I was in my early 30s. Macro fail for assuming every woman wants to get married and have kids. Smaller fail for her clueless remark just a few months after my SECOND date rape.
My boyfriend’s father, a white man, while discussing racial quotas in schools. He successfully started his own business and I’m sure he believes in the bootstrap theory; that if you just have initiative and try hard enough that you can make it. I wanted to tell him that not everyone can make opportunities for themselves (especially when they face racism, systematic and otherwise). I’m a 22 year old woman of mixed race.
My friend, in response to me telling him that while walking to his house, three young men harassed me for while I walked down the block. Upon arriving, I (visibly shaken) tell him about what just happened. Like street harassment is a joke, a compliment. I am 21, Philadelphia. Made me feel scared, misunderstood.
When I worked in a call centre.
A female friend when I told her that my ex-boyfriend had tried to sexually assault me. He had just walked into the same bar that we were at and I wanted to leave.
Cashier while I am ordering food with a friend.
My boyfriend’s mother in response to my announcement that I’m attending university next year. My boyfriend knew this was very important to me since I grew up in a situation where a college education was hard to come by. He says nothing. Made me feel shocked, compartmentalized, defensive, belittled.
Someone gently scolding me like a child after I comment on the fact that people of colour tend to just be seen and not heard in the media.
My friend’s mom, about me and two other girls (I’m Asian so are they) but does not say that about the other white girl in our group (she did not pay for the trip). The sad part is that me and the two Asian girls over paid so the trip can even happen.
Said by a 44 yr old white woman to my sister, who is Latina. She was seated with my white brother in law. My sister knew she couldn’t speak up because no one would believe her hurt or sadness.
My mom said this about my cousin. Made me feel sad and unsupported. I’m bisexual.
My 10th grade History teacher
A mother to her approximately 4 year-old son at the playground when he attempted to play with some other children who were speaking Spanish. As the parent of a biracial/bilingual child, this made me feel sad and angry.
Yes, I am a very Scandinavian looking woman. I’m also Jewish.
In response to suicide at Rutgers
Said by a 44 yr old white woman to my sister, who is Latina. She was seated with my white brother in law. My sister knew she couldn’t speak up because no one would believe her hurt or sadness.
Bumper sticker. Metro Detroit.
White, upper-class, Southern male who has a lower GPA and who is not as accomplished as she.
to a latino male
My boss.
